When she was asking her phone if this amount of alcohol could harm elijah i felt really bad because thats about how much I drink when Im just having a chill night with my friends and Im 16
Elijah: "WaTeR.. we don't know her."
Btw I've watched this video like 5 times because its so funny. I love you guys so much.
Xbox sucks
When he fell down I lost it
team elijah 
"Hater shaders"...im dead
Another payback prank
Post Notifications are on!! You guys are amazing and I love yall!!!
Am I the only one that noticed the chair and the pen and note book move in the backdrop, behind maddie
I use to be able to drink two 40s of wine which is triple the size of that bottle he was drinking lol
Maddie is me when my bf is actually drunk tho, im always pissed off
Lol oh Elijah wines usually not clear 
The into got me dead
hater shader 
13:13 make this a meme
I laughed so hard at this video 
Guys omg look at the table and the chair it just moved by its own they both moved together  at 13:11  there's ghost
Elijah should do a throw up or throwing up blood prank on Maddie
TEAAAMMM ELIIIIJJAAAHHHH
god ur fricken hot dude
waddeerrr? we dont know herrrr
take a lil swwiiiiiiiig dude
Notifications are on!!!! Love you guys!!
Love you guy sooo much!! Notifications are on!!
Elijah good job for getting her back bro 
Love your VIDEO'S!!!!!! !!!!!!!!
Maddie: You have been drinking and stuff right now, you smell awful
Elijah: *has been drinking water*
#ELIJAH BODY LIKE BROCK LESNAR 
Can i please get a shoutout love you guys I subscribed turned on notifications and commented maddie you are so pretty and elijah you are so good at pranks but not as good as maddie
Best video ever 
13:11 the chair and phone was moved
Ellijah
its savage that maddie sent hua for help when elijah fell....lol
13:15 something paranormal happened
This is soooooo goooooood
notifications ONNNN!! hi, guys, I hope I can have a shout out by putting notifications on! you both are a match from heaven!!! you both are good at pranking each other, Maddie you are so pretty with and without makeup! love you guys so much!!!! make more pranks!
Why is no one talking about Elijah's dope ass "hater shaders"
Maddie: r u pranking me coz the camera is not on
That was an amazing prank Elijah love you guys so amazingly much and you guys are the best cute couple and have an amazing day and by the way I am subscribed and with notifications on
You wanna be comfy I got u......... Ha ha ha ha....
When Elijah got on the couch and starting jumping 
Maddie: are u okay 
Elijah : i am better than okay 
 Love u so much   
Like it who loves maddie and elijah
Hey there  my notifications are on and trust me u guys are adorable
I feel better now 
When Elijah fell on the couch I died of laughter 
Shoulda put the roblox OOF sound in there when me fell LOl 
Lol  when he fake fell and it made that fall hit noise that cracked me up in rollin
Did anyone else noticed the chair moved by itself at 13:14 around there
Notifications are on I love you guys so much and I watch your video every day and my dream is meeting you
Maddie acting like an overprotective mom for 10 mins or more: 7:05 lol love you guys
Team Maddie 
fake or nor, this was hella funny OMG lmao " you're such a hater, i have to wear these.. gotta block u out" ahahahahaahhah
Maddie kinda thic tho
Whoa whoa whoa whoa  mood
Ahh post notifications on
In SA you can actually by alcohol from 18
13:12 did yall not see the chair and notebook moveee or am I just blind
Im just annoyed Maddie didnt do anything to help Elijah. She just sat there and said she didnt feel good
i think she knew it was a prank lmao
Have a good time Maddie and Elijah
I love that pillow says peace on earth
Did anybody else noticed at 13:14 when Maddie was holding her head the chair behind her and the plate on the table moved itself....Iam kinda scared
13:04 
15:12 
Literally so weird that I actually was taking my first sip of coffee and he said that as I started watching
He should have said I think I'm pregnant
Notifications are on
I didnt even started watching the video but I already know its going to be amazing just because I cannot wait to see Maddie's reaction ! I dont think she will take care of him hahaha I just love her sassy comments ......well...lets see what happens....:)
No hate, but Maddie was literally so unhelpful to him as compared to when she did the same prank on him. He literally took her makeup off and she couldnt even get up to help him when he fell down.
2:47 not if you're European
Notification is on I love u guys like you two are my second family and u make me happy alwaysss.
Team Elijah!! All the way
but wine doesn't look like that, it isn't that transparent, that's more vodka like
you guys are just a prank channel now its just getting old
How did she not get onto the fact its water it should smell like alcohol make it more real
Should have kept it going
This was hilarious. Elijah really acted drunk. But maddie seemed grumpy. She didnt help much but everyone has their days lol. I love you guys.
No one: 
Elijah: lets freaking go
NEVER mix alcohol and pills.
Oh god i love those glasses on Elijah he looks so funny!!
 Im tired too, Buddy 
when she said "it's literally 6:30" I looked at the clock and it was literally 6:30 am where I live smh
one of the funniest lmao 
dont drunk people slur their words and can barely walk straight? 
Not all people,but most i mean Elijah probably is like this when he is drunk anway so
4:27 omg that was the cutest jump ever hahah she's so cute
Love u both sm  thank you for making me happy whenever I watch your guys videos 
*fricken hater shaders"*
OMG you're so funny Elijah <3
 love you guys
Elijah: "Can I take some medicine?"
Maddie: "What do you want?"
Hua: TrYiNg To BiTe HeR oWn TaIL : ) <3
@Sky Cash a Capella original songs thank you
Denna is a nice name
Shes just like: *God I just wanna go to bed*
Right after he flipped over the couch, Maddie was just having fun and laughing
*What are you doing! Stop!*
Best acting ever!!
Elijah: 
            
          
             
Just sticking his butt out like 
"OmG yOuR sO sExY"
Team 'E'. Great job dude
This video just made my day a 20 year old man jumping on a couch screaming at a dog 
No one:
Ghost: *wants to become YouTube famous*
Notifications on! Totally calling them "hater shaders" now best thing ever.
When he did the impression of Maddie I was dead and wtf is hatertshaders 
This video is so funny
I love you both
11:30 key plunk 11:30-12:15 is so funny
Hes 20
I doubt she believed any of it
Freaking hater shaders 
Can we please all starts calling her professor Madeline ????? Like pls
did anyone else see the chair and paper move when it zoomed in on maddie nothing was even near it and hola cant move a chair and paper on the table thats scetchy
Haha this was hilarious I liked maddies prank better was more funnier 
notifications are on, love watching you guys! cutest couple ever!! 
Notifcations on since Feb 12 2018, love you guys
Did anyone else see Hua trying to bite her own tail at 10:40?  so precious
love your channel!!! been subscribed for a yr now
its so fake and cringy but funny asf im not complaining 
Notifications on!  You guys are such couple goals
I love you guys so much 
And she didnt wonder how he did not smell like alcohol? Lol
But she said you smell awful
@Nich Mustnt?? THATS NOT EVEN ENGLISH-
@Beatricia Audrey I'm just playing  internet trolling
@Nich my mother is not here dummy
@Beatricia Audrey I'm your mother Beatricia. Come downstairs. Now.
Water? We dont know her! 
Ok but Im still not over the fact that Im 13 and weigh more then Elijah..
"Hater Shaders", hahahahahah
Hahaha your so funny maddie I'm making sure your not gonna die hahaha
Straight away the video came on I drunk my water so I did cheers 
Hey guys sorry I have not been here in a while :( because of my stupid phone sorry.
Hua scratching maddies coat 11:18 
Oh yess finally Elijah's drunk revenge 
Make Hua merch x
hater shaders!! notification squad 
I m from INDIA ....n i love u guys ....lots of love .....all d best for ur future...
"did you actually drink that whole bottle. You actually drank that whole bottle. R u pranking me. You actually drank the whole thing." How many times she said it. 
the wine looks like water tho?
Can you believe this he is the one whose drunk and he's taking care of her. She's so heartless. 
Team ELIJAH!!!
 *water?* we dont know her my lungs 
These you tubers do it all wrong they should drink a sip beforehand so that the smell lingers out their mouth and actually make it look like liquor and MAYBE not place the camera in the same area as always like these are so fake Im unsubscribing
You are the cutest couple ever. Love you guys. Post notifications on. 
OMG you guys are unbelievable you keep on pranking each other endlessly. When Maddie pulls a prank on Elijah he pulls the same prank on her after she forgets about it. You guys keep backfiring yourselves. 
He helped her so much and she just got mad at him..
I'm gonna die laughing
How can maddie fall for this even though shes done the same prank on him
Nobody is gonna pass out by a  little bottel of wine:D when you Think about that we in Germany drink wine and beer with 16:D.
Very good acting from elijah
Her reaction though
Love you guys sooo much 
Elijah - It worked go hua!!!!!   Maddie- omg why!!!!!!!!!!! that face
Team Maddie x
Notification are on!! LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH FROM PAKISTAN.
Is there wine this color in US ? (I'm French, never seen that). Because I wouldn't have believed he was drinking wine seeing the color of the brevage ahah, I don't think she believed he was drunk even for a second. Would have been better pretending he was drinking vodka or tequila. But well, she has to pretend she believes it to have something to post. It's sad, I think I'm going to unsubscribe... After all this time pranking each other, you have to work on being more believable, like for this video, drink at least a little bit of alcohol to smell like he actually drunk. And, knowing you're not used to drink, coming back from a party pretending being really drunk would have been more believable than drinking alone.
Team elijah rules
ThIs iS JuSt wAtEr
Omg my boyfriend just did a break up prank on me while Im pregnant and I started fighting him 
I saw that 
Omg the candle hazard ouch
Sorry at13:13
11:13 wtf chair just moved
Griffins her cousin oop griffin Johnson
#postnotificationson  ..love ur intro...been humming it to give me good vibes...I am sooo into both of u!!!
Love you guys! You guys have my ! Notifications on!!
Maddie: do u want some water? 
Elijah: water? We dont know her
I love you guys
Its funny how they matched the thumbnails of both their drunk pranks,like everything is same!
drunk people don't use the coasters 
Hua really wanted that ice cream
I swear that dog can fly 
11:30 that fall 
Love you guys 
Why isn't there a link to Hua's Instagram in the description?
Dont u think mad was kind of used to this ?
Post notifications are on!! Love you guys so much. You're such a cute couple
Elijah was so funny  love you guys !! Notifications on 
Team Maddie
Maddie is really good at that drunk prank on boyfriend, even Elijah is good to love watching your videos 
I love how Hua is just randomly sticking around with Elijah and trying to get a hold of everything hes eating or drinking
Also I am so good my head is hurting so bad. Thats the definition of my mood swings or if thats sarcasm like ... 
I miss old videos..  I feel like all you do is pranks now... still love yall though 
Im making sure your not gonna die
*maddie on her phone* 
NOTIFICATIONS ARE ON. you guys are awesome thank you for hearting some of my comments before. LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH. MADDIE UR A MODEL AND HAVE A PERFECT BOYFRIEND. anyways plz shoutout
elijah was taking care of mad and maddie is like "'i'm too tired for this shit"
your drunk self is literally the same as your normal self 
Notifications are on 
Notifs ON !!Love ya guys sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much!.. Cant wait for next video <3
"GOTTA BLOCK YOU OUT - HATER SHADERS" xD OMG, lol.
is she always put makeup all day long???how???????? How???????how?????
elijah do the pass out prank on maddie
Love you guys but the way Elijah treated Maddie and took care of her compared to the way Maddie treats Elijah when hes drunk really shows alot
Elijah, you had me cracking up the entire time! Your acting skills are on point! I would be laughing if I tried doing this to my hubby lol
Hua gave me a wink in the intro
#TeamElijah 
Notifications are onn :)
LOTS OF LOVE AND PRAYERS <3 
IM SO OBSESSED WITH YOU GUYS
LITERALLY THE CUTEST COUPLE MA SHA ALLAH
STAY HAPPY FOREVER <3
I HAVE BEEN STALKING YOU WATCHED ALL YOUR VEDIOS LITERALLY IN A WHOLE DAY 
STARTED FOLLOWING YOU A FEW DAYS AGO :)
from Pakistan
You shouldve kept it going longer lige!! Awesome vid btw 
Nobody:
Maddie: That's not even funny
Why is no one talking about 13:15?? Am I the only one who noticed?
Nice video keep it up guys
I love you guys more than any subscribermy notifactions are on
Team maddie
Notification on ! Love you soo much
Team Maddie and elijah  post notifcations are on love u guys
does nobody else notice the Elf on The Shelf in the top left corner on top of the fridge at 2:30
notifications are on as always! i love u both so much 
Hua Is the show of this video 
Big bruh moment
This is flipping hilarious, #mademyday 
Maddie did the acting better tho but I loved this video as well
7:57 I cant breathe his impression tho12:25 
Notifications are on!! Love you guys best couple youtuber ever
# Subscribed
# Best video ever
K, Maddie and Elijah I love your videos. So this is no hate whatsoever but I have to ask at some point because you guys do so many pranks (I do love the prank vidoes) do you guys just know your being pranked and go along with it? Its obvious you guys have great acting skills. Aren't you ever thinking here we go again lol? Cause you guys have set time for videos, etc. My first thought if my spouse or bf and I did prank videos on YouTube would be this gots to be a prank?
AM I THE ONLY ONE THATS GONNA SAY IT... YOU CANT HAVE ICE CREAM WHILE BEING DRUNK...*From experience*
"u freackean hawt" n Im just laughing on that 
13:13 CHAIR AND PAPER IN THE BACK
Notifcations ON alwaysssI love you peeps
0:56 cheers!!
love u maddie and elijah.
Elijah so prank I love you guy so much you are so amazing guy Maddie team
I love u maddie and elijah u are my world i love u sooooo much and i hope u notice me
16:41 so true
You two are so awesome
My notifications are on! Love you guys SO much!
Yo, Maddie is a skinny legend
Ah pathetic. I couldn't watch it. Actinggggg
Hehehe  adore u guys
Notifications are on
Love you soooo much guys.. notifications are ONNN
Hahahah
Notifications turned on love you guys
WAIT.. DID ANYONE NOTICED AT 13:14 THE NOTEBOOK ON TOP OF THE TABLE AND THE CHAIR MOVED BY ITSELF.. WHEN ELIJAH WAS PLAYING WITH HULA... SO IT WASNT ANY OF THEM? AM I GOING INSANE OR??????
@Breanna Fairbanks I just thought since Elijah was looking the other way I thought he was staring at Hua
Maria Torres hua was running around and hit the chair
"I got a trash can for me"
ngl Elijahs was kind of a let down, Maddies was way too funny. This was kinda cringe 
your a really good actor haha
18:04, Elijah: cracks a joke and cheers for himself...
Notifications on!! Love u Maddie and Elijah u guys r the best  Maddie is better at pranks ahha
We love you guys
I feel like all of these pranks are good audition tapes for producers, casting directors to check out
Plz do a video on pranks fails of 2019..
Like if u agree
Notifications are on!!! Love you guys so much!!
Notifications on!!! You guys are so freaking amazing... love you guys so much.. Elijah your acting skills are so good
4:50   dog wants the ice cream too lol thats soooo cute 
Suka banget thinking about you
Hahaha i love you guys
TEAM MADDIE
Hi from Australia 
Love you guys 
Notifications are on
Guys i think your house is haunted. Another person in the comments commented that at 13:13 the table or chair moved and that was true but maybe it was hua. But also i think it was a notebook or plate on the table that moved and it moved the other way the chair was pushed. It couldn't have been hua. I hope you notice this. I think you should search or investigate your house with a ghost meter.
Lol this is so funny good acting
This is award winning acting 
You both are so hot and cutiee love you both  Go team maddie 
Love you guys so much . My notification are on . From Nepal .
6:16 
Madd and elijah I have an question do u both ever drink or go out drinking if not why? And what do u do instead of drinking etc like most people I hope you aren't offended. I'm asking because I'm a recovering alcoholic heroin and crack addict and watching your videos makes me happy and I feel inspired and motivated to stay clean so I hope u reply so I can get some ideas from u xx thanks jade Greenwood from the UK
Plot twist: he was actually drunk
10:39 loveeeeeeeee awwwwwww
7:56 laughing hardly
Does Elijah write music?
notifications on!! i love you guys sending love from Ethiopia
Maddie u look so pretttyyyy
Maddie' behaviour is not good so careless
Notifications are on...you are the king and queen Love from India
7:56 that's my brother too 
He's got the revenge 
This is literally how my old roommate acted when he was actually drunk. It was hard for me to be annoyed cause he did the funniest shit. 
Notifications on  ... love you guys
Notifications are ON. Love you guys so much
I was honestly waiting for Elijah to take off his cap(He looks good in that too but I find his hair better without the cap)
And he finally did!!!!!!
I'm so happy!!!!
If my husband would prank me every week i would allready know tht he is pranking me when he acts weird  but this one was really good :D
If my husband would prank me every week i would allready know tht he is pranking me when he acts weird  but this one was really good :D
I WAS CRYING WITH LAUGHTER HE DID SO GOOD
5:57 
When i tell you i wheezed omfg i wheezed
anyone else see the chair move in the back at 13:14 ?
notifications are on.
i love you guys so much. i m from india. i love all your videos. u r amazing 
Maddie looks so pretty wow
That chair really moved in the back but btw I love you guys
So yall gonna tell me yall did not see that chair move by its self
Maddie being worried that Elijah drinking a whole bottle of wine is going to kill him 
i love you maddie and elijah
Notifications r on!!!!...love u guyz soooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhh
Yesss Maddie is a queen...n Elijah it was a great prank..u r such a good actor ... love you guyz so much
Cuties 
Notification on ..love both of you .you people are amazing and your pranks are really lit
Yooo man i was just waiting for this prank
8:38 maddie's aaaaaaaaawwwhhhh
iKnow its a prank but who will actually get drunk off drinking just that bottle, I need at least 4-5 of them
Love you guys sooo much!  Notifications ALWAYS on, love from Ireland!
plot twist he got the idea because he was actually drunk
Notification is on..  You guys are adorable... Love you..
Only the Boyz Are #TeamElijah  LETS GOOOO!!!!
Maddie is so cute
Best camera ever
you two are such a cute couple and maddie is so gorgeous 
this prank is amazing
13:14 the thing on the table &  the chair moved by itself 
Hey guysss I have turned on my notifications... U people look so cute...and i am a great fan of our channel
Acting is on pointdaaayyyymmmmm
Who else thinks that bones of woman standing over there is so scary ? Like just emagine if you see that on the dark when its 4 am !!! Scaryyyy dudeee
Who else noticed  how weird Elijah eyes were lookin?
Love love lovee yall....i have my notifications on and merry Christmas
These days I like watching hua coz it's so damn playful.
Team elijah da best
You two act very good you should try in acting
13:12 notice the chair and thething vibrate whats this
Notifications are on! Love you guys!
1000 times better acting that our drunk Bollywood actors... Xoxo
15:13 me trying to make my mum believe  that I'm actually sick and need to have a day off school
Awww , u all look sooo cute together
Hater shaders 
"Come on join the party woo woo woo woo" 
Madeline's so indifferent, lol
Ok but  how did the plate move 13:13
I love hou guys!!
Yeaaayyy!! Ive been waiting for this prank for so long and finally! Good job Elijah  i love you guys 
#TeamMadddie
Notifications are on,I love uuu both but Elijah is best,performance z terribly awesome n maddie is cute
Boy drinking wit the dog on his lap. Oh hell nawllllll! 
13:14 OMG the chair just moved 
It was hua
Was Elijah ears pierced? Or not??!! Lml nvm I just feel like I havent seen him with earrings
Literally Elijah out of nowhere, comes out of the room with those hater shaders.
Elijah: I think a lot of people eat when theyre drunk 
Me: so Im drunk rn?!
Omg are u serious ?? I was trying to finished my cup of tea before I go to bed and at 1:01 Elijah was like any of you have tea or coffee right now just cheer  Im like wth ? Such a coincidence hahaha so cute !!
My favorite couple on the youtubessss 
Notifications are on Hey Maddie and Elijah I love you guys so much  can you plz say we love you navya 
NOTIFICATIONS ON  love you guys
13:13 lol
drunk elijah is me on a daily basis
Clear wine Maddie, yeah 
Love you guys im team maddie notifications is on and subscribed can't wait for the next one
The fact Maddie is looking up is killing me. 
Why was I happened to be drinking tea when Elijah said it 
elijah was so sweet when she did this prank & maddie doesnt seem to care, she could take away the bottle from him but instead is just sitting there on the couch
Omg Elijah I love ur acting, and I love you both, day 1 fan, from day 1 video, btw notifications are always on
You guys have to find new places to hide the camera 
My final exams are distracting me from watching Maddie and Elijah
The chair behind her at 13:15 moves
Elijah literally looks like a 40 year old husband chillin' on the couch while watching football and trying not to fall asleep
I love you guys !!!!! You guys are amazing and funny!!!! Full of life and love, spreading it to everyone!!!!
Want more of ur videos!!!
I have my notifications on! I want that shoutout in your video. PS, you two are really adorable! MA.
Around 13:14 the table and everything move behind Maddie but the puppy is running in a completely different area and then the camera dies and the puppy is going all crazy? I find that odd but who knows maybe just coincedence
hi from Malaysia 
OMGGG I LOVE THIS
I saw the elf on shelf on the fridge but I dont know if real one or decorations for Christmas.
Notifications are on and I love ya both so freaking much!! 
I died when he started jumping around and jumped on the couch! 
Her reaction  was hilarious! 
IDK just wanted to tell y'all 
We need viagra prank
Love y'all so two of my sub teachers called me a boy but I'm a girl 
That's not even how drunk people act lol
in germany you can buy beer and wine at the age of 16, that's crazy 
Ich bin aus Deutschland
Haha, bist du Deutsch?
i love you guyss 
When Elijah is like your just saying StOP... I lost it
He said what are you you doing stop and I lost it too
Team elijah
MY NOTIFICATIONS ARE ONNNN GUYSSSS
Notifications on
love ya 
loveyou guys so much!!! notifications are all on for my favourite youtuber  FREAKING LOVEYOU GUYS SO MUCH!!!! PLEASE GET MARRIED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ALRIGHTT  LOVE FROM MALAYSIAA TO BOTH OF YOU MADDIE AND ELIJAH!!
Am I early
It is so cute that Hua winks in the intro!!
Guess who's taking Maddie and Elijah notebooks to school?
Elijah: Can you help me get up?
Maddie: *Keeps reading*
Huma Ayman 
When he put the clout glasses on deaddd
U should do the selling Hua for another pet prank 
Sorry but I dont have an instagram so I couldnt send directly
Maddie : you want some water ?
Elijah : Water? We don't know her lmaoo
You two were so cute togetherhope to see more videoplease do the EAT IT OR WEAR IT CHALLENGE
Notification, are on love you guys so much!! 
I love yall so much yall are so awesome Ive been with yall the whole time I have notifications on
#teamelijah
Out of *LITERAL NOWHERE*
Elijah: *Youre so god damn hot*
Notification on love you guys
No one:
Elijah: THANK YOU PROFESSOR MADELINE!
I was *waiting* for this video. 
Anyone else?
Woooaaahhh guyyss always on pointt
how did you know im drinking tea xD
How do you guys even believe anything the other does after all of the pranks I would never believe anything anymore
Uhhh is anyone else gonna mention how at  13:16 the chair behind Maddie moved by itself?
Team Maddie
in the minute 13:11 look at the table how the chair and the plate move without anyone touching it
I'm sorry but y'all gotten kinda fake... You can't do the same prank twice and think that we will believe it. She knows how to fake it so wouldn't she think it was fake. Or did she know you were recording and then just keep going.
His acting skills are really good lmao.
Notifications are on love you guys
You both are good at pranks. Notifications always on. Love you guys so much 
Elijah was so sweet in Maddies prank but Maddie was so mean and annoyed w Elijah
Lol Maddie was so annoyed. Then smiled when he "hurt" himself.... Damn
 Maddies reaction
14:44 there's another one camera that's recording
In Argentina the legal drinking age is 18... But most of us start at like 13 lol, they are so good kids, don't look like they know much about it.
Notifications on ...luv u guys..uh both are lit... Elijah's acting skills are legendary luv u both soooo much 
Maddie: can drinking a whole bottle of 12% alcohol harm you?
Elijah: NO
When Elijah fell off the couch, I lost it!!
Maddie was so annoyed with him.
Half bottle, 12.5 % cute.
11:38 Did the chair move on its own or was it hua
Notifications on y'all are cutee
Love this ahhhh 
teamelijah
This is just a suggestion but I think yall can still have a YouTube channel without all the pranks. The people who like you for you will stick around. I think yall are similar to the Jack and Gab channel.. however I feel like their pranks are not every video. This is not a hate comment or anything. I actually really like yalls videos... but the videos are much better without the pranks. My favorite stuff of yall is when yall are being yourself... and I think many people will agree. Vlog and be yourself..
maddies outfit thoooooo, loveeee ittt
commented before the outro
How Elijah acted like Maddie, I laughed hard 7:57
Post notifications on love you guys so much
notifications are on! love your videos... keep them coming!!!
ik im late but im dyin
#notificationsqaud!
Notifications on 
You guys should make a Christmas intro! 
Wow  I really love you guys and you are doing great  subscribed and notifications are on 
this was great  i love you guys so much
notifications have been on! This was a super entertaining video and I love yall!
One of them should do a prank where they act like they are high
"YOURE SO HOT" 
HILARIOUS i love this yall
Elijah your acting skills are AMAZING.. I think I would be laughing the second Maddie walked through the door ahaha <3
ps ty for inspiring me to start my yt channel.. I've been making videos for a year and I'm LOVING it :)
My notifications on I love you both
How did she not know that he did just the same prank she did on him not funny.how she didn't know wine isn't that clear omg
Love you guys! Notifications on!
Me: Ive been, Ive been, thinking about you!
My sister: *walks in my room*
Also my sister: what the crap
I was drinking tea right before I clicked this
Or 19 if you live in Canada!
This was honestly soooo funny. Literally crying  Love you guys. And notifications are on! 
"What are you doing, stop"
You can tell he hasnt been very drunk before 
someone tell me why mads voice is so cute though
When he started running around om the couch Maddie was not having it
uh thanks me 
notifications are on  love you guys soo much 
ok im kinda new so if someone could lmk if maddie is always a bad sport about being pranked or if its just cus she didnt feel good? bc she was saying it wasnt funny and hes just annoying and stuff but i thought it was a good funny prank
Elijah: impersonates Maddie: omg what are you doing stop!
Maddie: ShOoK
Notifications are on ily guys and can't wait for the next video to go up! Look forward to your videos every time they go up, you guys are the best and my favorite couple!
Faaaaaake . No sane person would believe anything outlandish when you get pranked every other week
But its still entertaining 
Team elijiah is the best
Elijah: I'm gonna puke
Maddie: Are you okay?!?
Elijah "I'm better now" starts running around
This was too funny to watch
Ok but like at 13:14 the chair moved by itself 
Professor madelyn
Can someone tell me how to get upset with Elijah? Cause I really cant.
Team maddie
Ghost @ 13:13
hey friend, download this app and earn upto 1 bitcoin in 1 week easily please use my referral code when signing up. Referral Code: 5e0cd5b154e3b3f6
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sasofts.bitcoinmining
Join Illuminati Community Today!
First Time They are Inviting Publicly!
What Benfit We Get When we Join This Secret Community??
Free Testaments Books of Satan At your Home Adress (When You Join Them)
Free Gold/Silver Plated Illuminati Symbol Ring (After Exams).
Free Gold/Silver Plated Illuminati Symbol Necklace (After Exams).
Cash & Bank Balnce (After Interview at (Chicago  USA When you Get Selected) 
 Fame (inviting you in reality Shows or Hollywood movies, to make you famous)
Join right now.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sasofts.illuminatiam
Notifications on! Love you so much. What is your favorite holiday?
This frickin cracked me up so bad
Elijahs acting is on point 
Can you do a vomit prank 
when youre an older viewer and know that it would take more than 70% of that bottle to get Elijah drunk 
I bet ur a teenager
Everything Overboard if it was vodka, yeah. but it was wine lol. most 150 pound males wouldnt get that drunk off 70% of a bottle of wine
And it depends on your weight and blood alcohol ratio
Try me bro
I mean if it was heavy or like a vodka it would so ya
Are you guys a prank channel now
Hua had the zoomies 
Team Elijah for this one!
oh god this was cringe  elijah is a cringe lord 
when he put on the sunglasses and called them hater shaders i lost it
Post notifications on and always and cute couple
Lol  Hua is like what the F are momma and daddy doing?
Elijah got Maddie back for the Drunk Prank a way to go Team Elijah..
i loved the professor maddie
NOTIFICATIONS ARE ALWAYS ON I LOVE YOU GUYS YOU ARE THE CUTEST
When Hua was the inning around the room it doesnt mean shes scared it means shes excited or hyper and wants to play
Notifications always onlove u both
13:21
maddie: are you okay?
elijah: I AM BETTER THAN OKAY!!!
HAHAHAH theyre so funny
Notifications are on love you guys so so much 
Did any of u guys catch the elf on the shelf moving
Acting skills on point.... love you guys 
*Hey everyone  small YouTuber here.. appreciate any support!*
This was the best one! Elijah you made me laugh soo much! It was damn funny man!
"Hater shader" 
Love u guys sm!!! Have a great night  notifications on
My notifications are on, love you guys so much! You're the best youtubers ever! One and only for me!  And I have to admit that team Elijah rocks, but so does team Maddie! I'm just forever team Maddie and Elijah! I love you so freakin' much! 
Everytime Elijah says  lets freaking GOOOOOO DUDE  its so funny
Maddie: We are the best....
Elijah: but your also the saltyess
Team Elijah.  Great video
16:51 "exposes to his family that he's just been faking sick all his life"
I um . . hmm Err Uhhhh I can just say You got her good I was laughing nonstop during this video, The peformance was just great.you're hotter even when drunk!.  .good job waiting 4 months of pulling the saame prank she did to you back at her lololol .glad you learned that lesson from the catphising prank after one video later after  her version of that.Both of your Drunk pranks acting was golden on a scale of 10/10 its . .hard to compare I still can't get over  how E saw thru her version of that prank! Good thing that bottle was water and. . she didnt check it throughly. lol
SHOUTOUT plz love u guys ur the best
*Hater Shaders*
this is so funny lmao
7:42 don't know if he's just so good at acting or it was an accident 
WHO ELSE SAW THE CHAIR MOVE AT 13:14 OMFG
"Water?..we don't KNOW HER"
M&E And their pranks lol so cute I love you guyz
Notifications on!! Love your vids
If this was real I'd think Maddie would be helping him but I think she knows so she plays along with him. But sometimes I think she is unsure of If its a prank or not only cause I think if it was re a l she would be helping him out a lot more
Elijah come out with glasses:
"like literally dude i have to wear this thing around you because you such like a.. Like a  hater"
"i'm gonna block you out"
At 13:13 the chair and plate move on its own
#TeamMaddie is the best just cause she did this prank first 
Ok when it zoomed on Maddie the chair moved in the background
At 13:11 there is literally a ghost in your apartment
@Alexander Mocas nope they were in the couch
miley bartolome I think it was Hua running towards Elijah
It was probably Hua moving the chair
notifications are on! love you both so much!!! always looking forward to every video you all post <3
MADDIE IS ALSO SO SKINNNNYYYYY I WISH
MADDIE IS SO PRETTY
I love your channel a lot. I can't remember when I subscribed to your channel but ever since, you've been my favorite couple. You guys are a natural. Keep up the great work! 
Love you guys x notifications are on 
Team Maddie!!
Then part where Elijah puts the bottle on his foot and maddie's reaction was priceless!! Like I watched that part like 20 times it was hilarious!!  Love you maddie and Elijah!!!
Can we talk about 13:14....the chair moved on its own!
Love u Maddie and Elijah
Gotta block out them frickin hater shaders
                                                    Elijah 2019~
One of the best prank videos yet love y'all so much
does anybody else feel like elijah is trying too hard & has been acting a little bit obnoxious these past few months??,, I feel like hes putting on a different personality in front of the camera,.. heres one thing Ive noticed: I watch these youtubers Jess and Gabriel, & elijah literally  copied one of their vids and is lowkey trying to be like gabriel. I know Im probably going to get hate, but its been eating me out
@maddie !! ahh yes exactly :)
I don't think he's being necessarily obnoxious, but he's definitely putting on a bigger personality for the camera. Which is okay to a certain extent, but it seems exhausting. I hope he knows that everyone likes him for the person he is, and he can just be himself.
WHY IS NO ONE TAKING ELIJAH AND MADDIE AS ACTOR AND ACTRESS?! THEIR ACTING DESERVE AN AWARD DUDE 
Hater shaders XD
#TeamMaddie all day long
Maddie and Elijah are the best like if u agree 
The way hua jumps on the couch and jumps off is so cute
13:13
Does anyone see something move on the table?
Yeaaa a what was that??
That was hua
Yeah it was Hua, cause if you go a few seconds previous to this moment, she was running through the house
The time is 13 13 today is 13 friday and the like is 13 too and i am 13 years old
as i sit here and drink some wine lmao 
Oh my god this seemed so legit especially when Elijah fell off the couch youll never fail to make me laugh
Post notifications on, love you guys xxx
13:04 I started dying 
She didnt help u at all :( 
#teamelijah
17:41 I'm gonna endlessly play this on repeat
notifications on. #team maddie
13:13 that scared me. The way the chair moved. Was that Hua...?
@Leslie Castro yup, I'm sure they noticed it bcuz they zoomed into it. Hopefully they tell us in their next video what happend.
I saw that too and something on the table moved that was weird
Notifications are on Ive been in your corner since 2017 You guys are so inspiring and I love you guys so much!
wow elijah is a good actor. i would have just burst out laughing. love you guys 
"Water? We don't know her" 
13:14 you guys have a ghost
elijah is such a good actor i was laughing the whole time lmao i loved the glasses part 
Theirs a spider on the roof behind you!!
Elijah's such a good actor 
Notifications on Mr. Wireman and Maddie love ya coffee is the best btw
Stop pranks
They both act so well. NOT SAYING MADDIE KNEW ANYTHING. JUST SAYING THAT WHEN SHE PRANKS HIM, SHES A GOOD ACTOR AS WELL DAMN IT
Team Maddie!!!!!!
Yall my favorite youtube couple! Have all my notifications on!
Notifications on love you guys
Notifications are always on for you guys! Love you both sooo much! <3 :)
My notifications are on!! I love both of you guys so much and I am so honored to be part of the fam  you guys inspire me so much and I cant wait to see more from you
Team elijah.
Maddie and Elijah I know you don't want to drink but like a glass of wine won't harm u....
Team Elijah always, but Maddie does great too
Ugh they should be actors, I'd pay to see a movie with them periodt
Hater shaders 
3:55 Hua literally flew
OMG Elijah you killed it on this one 
Btw. Just some small youtubers here  Any support can help 
Elijah hit me with that activision account ID
Elijah needs to be a actor
#TeamElijah
Notifactions are on love u guys so much Maddie love ur pranks ur so gorgeous and Elijah u are so funny u guys brighten my whole week I cant wait to see what video goes up every day 
Anybody else see the chair and thing on the table move at 13:14?
M dead now..love you guys
#teamelijiah ! Sorry maddie lol! This was so hilarious!! I can't believe how serious you are Elijah, I couldn't stay in character 
I love y'all so much  I'm subscribed and I have my notifications on 
Shouldve made it like Jatie vlogs where you take a real shot haha
I dont even know if that can kill you or not 
Thank you Professor Madeline
Zoe Vella 
Elijahs acting skills were on point
ALL NOTIFICATIONS ARE ON!
I love you guys so much !!! I watch you guys videos everyday with my boyfriend 
I love that Maddie cant tell its water,because that kind of wine has a tint of color,its just not clear hahaha
She doesnt drink so thats probably why lol
I'm sleepy
NOTIFICATIONS ON :
LOVE YOU SOOO MUUCHHH
WATCHING YOU FROM KUWAIT 
how do they not know when theyre pranking each other, seeing as they always are ? (I know Maddie asks if its a prank but still)
Team Maddie
Love that feeling when you prank. :)
Notifications are on 
Love you guys so much :) notifications are always on been watching youre journey for the last 3 and a half years keep doing what Yous are doing
My notifications are on!! Yall are   so cute together
Feel better Maddie
Elijah's Prank on Maddie is so amazing and so cutee
Hey guys had a bad day full of exams this made me feel so much better literally my fav youtubers notifications are on 
Love from India,Kerala 
I turned on notifications and subscribed..
Well done Elijah..
Notification are on 
Love u guys , love from india 
# notification r on love you guys so much 
YOU'RE LIKE A RUBBER BAND STRETCHED ALL THE WAY OUT
THANK YOU professor Madeline -Elijah 2019
Can you make the whole intro of hua ?!  or maybe the whole video of him/her I forgot if it was a she or he  but still its cute 
This is more important
I am in a different timezone, i just woke up it is so early here but i don't care, it is Maddie And Elijah on the notification duh?
Hey guys, I'm subscribed and notifications are on, Elijah in monkey mode is hilarious, I love you guys so much I've got the hoodie.
Hua is literally so cute  and Maddie is so pretty like every single time. Im jealous 
 this was hilarious
Same old pranks getting used around couples channels. Im unsubscribing to all lol.
my notifications are on!! i love u guys sm
Hey guys, I'm subscribed and notifications are on, Elijah in monkey mode is hilarious, I love you guys so much I've got the hoodie.
ly guys sm!!
Notifications on always u are both so good at pranks love u and Hua and merry Christmas
the fact that he jumped on the couch and that he was doing like a monkey
Am I crazy or did I see the plate & the chair moved on 13:15 ????
Elijah you must hide the camera little better next time 
Omg this was hilarious!!  I love you M&E so much!!  You guys are the best I love your videos!! I am proud of you guys you have come a long way!! You guys make me smile and laugh everyday!!  Thank you so much for everything!!  I am a subscriber and notifications on!! Now and 4 ever!! 
I haven't even made it thru the video,but it looks like another banger!! Also, yall should put the thinking about you song on sound cloud or spotify!! It's a great song!! Love you both from FL!!
P.s...I just ordered my shirt..thinking about you!! Yall definitely have the BEST intro song out of all the youtubers!!
THANK YOU PROCESSER MADELINE...
oh my god this made my night
Also TEAM MADDIE AND ELIJAH
Maddie got roasted
U are so beautiful maddie
I always skip intro's but even if I try to skip this one I always go back to see it anyways and I just yell the lyrics
Who else thinks this is a cute prank:)?
I love you guys so much I love this prank *team Elijah*
notifications are on. Love you guys sooo much
8:09 when Elijah came out with the glasses 
Okay Elijah acting skills are on point
Your so hot  that was so random his acting is on point
9:30 why is that me . . . Just on a regular basis not when Im drunk.
Is it really fake wine thoughjk
This prank was so funny !! TeamElijah !! Maddie why diden't you help him you saw that he was "drunk" ?  Elijah helped you when you were "drunk" !! Love you guys so so so mutch !! Notifications are always on!!
That fall tho.... ouch 
Notifications on! I love you guys and your videos!
This prank was so funny 
I'm still team Maddie
PROFESSOR MADELINE!!!!!
7:57 LMAO
Not gonna lie his acting is on point lmao
This made me laugh so hard LOL
Love you guys
I feel bad for the ice cream
If this was a real prank, how'd they even do the thumbnail in the first place 
It's all an act people, very well acted though... People these days will believe any pretender
Ohh ahahahah my bad.... Shoutout to u guys... Keep the awesome videos coming 
We take thumbnails after the videos.. sometimes even the next day (its easy to just put on the same clothes haha)
Not saying it's a real prank, not saying it's not lol... But I'm sure they do the thumbnail after they film for the video.
oh boy here we go
Who else just watched jatie vlogs video from a couple minutes agonow they post right after yessss
Maddie wheres your workout clothes from?
Drink out the bottle , Be a pro
I'm from eygpt
Notifications are on for my biggest inspirations. 
I love you guys
My notification are on
I love you guyyyyys notifications are on
10:14 lmao that was high-key *SmOoTh* 
Who else is a TRUE fan of Maddie and Elijah Before 2019??
_Btw road to 1k I will appreciate your help _
@Tahlia Mccann ok well dont type it in a mean way so just let's both stop texting 
Sonia Richardson no aha why would I be? You said you wanted to clear things up, and theyre pretty clear now I think
@Tahlia Mccann are u trying to be mean?
Sonia Richardson yeh ok, all good.
@Tahlia Mccann sorry if I sounded mean but I just wanted to clear things up 
Love from INDIA.....JUST LOVE YOUR VIDEO
I love that the camera died ahaha
Hello pls respond ilysm 
Wine isnt even that colour lol
Tiffany Yong white wine isnt literally clear its yellowish its not clear like water get your facts straight before you try and come to correct me
Sarah L White wine is made from the pulp of grapes, it exists and has existed for a couple millenniums.
Ems M there is no such thing as white wine
It could be white wine lol
@Sarah L haha wow
When Elijah says " over the age of 21" and im like " but its 18??" forgetting that im in a different country with different laws 
Edit: wow thank you so much for all the likes guys, and OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH maddie and Elijah for the like !!!
Meeeee
Same in My country you Can drink when youre 16 hahah
Oof u shouldnt have made the edit :/
same haha its 16 for stuff under 15 percent in Germany soo yea lmao
love yall
THE WAY HE WAS MOCKING HER
hater shadersIm dead
Notifications on.love from nepal
I love you guys if you agree 
One of the funniest videos youve posted so far lol. Love you guys notifications are on as usual 
At first i want to be part of the team maddie but then Elijah always win so TEAM ELIJAH!
Interview: JLO
Mariah Carey: I don't know her 
Maddie: Water
Elijah: You Don't know her 
Speedy Comet16 
Notifications always turned on love you both!
Omg didnt even realise I was early 
This is the best... hahah I miss you Maddie! 
Acting: *100%*
ive been waiting for this XD
0:39 let's talk about that cute puppy wink!!
Didnt even realise you posted yay first jatie then you. This is making me so happy.
Jatie vlogs for life
They are the only two couples I watch!
@agentskye Yes!!!
They should do a colab
post notifications are on!! Ilysm
Who elses likes the video before watching it
earlyyy ayee
lol ur mean
Such a beautiful couple and a beautiful relationship  love you guys soo much
Omg I loveeee yall videosss
Good morning maddie and elijah loveyou guys shout out plzz
From:Philippines 
Notifications are on love you Maddie and Elijah
Notifications are on, you guys are the best keep making amazing content xo
Really digging the pranks 
Ps I never get a notification shout out 
TEAM ELIJAH LETSSS GO
OMG Hua is growing I can't believe how big she's gone
I would love to see Elijah pursue an acting career lol
I watch all the ads for u and only u
Cuz ur special
I'm 19 but I can make the choice of I reached drink so I drink hella
Good Prank so far
Team Elijah
NOTIFICATIONS ARE ONNNN, LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH ALSO I NEVER GET A NOTIFICATION SHOUTOUT
TEAM ELIJAH
5:27  you have the spirit of a  hillbilly
relationship goals
Notifications are on like always!! Love you guys so much thank you for getting me through rough times!!
I am actually early! Love you guys and I would really like to see a gift video like Elijah buying gifts and Maddie buying the gifts for Christmas and a Christmas vlog
*When it says 2 mins ago*
Gosh dang it!! 2 minutes late!!
Love ya #M&EGANG
Early squad
I LOVE youuuuuuuuuu
my post notifications are on, love you guys!
Omg Yesss Elijah is doing drunk boyfriend prank
I was wondering when you where going to get her back
Notifications are on! Love you guys so much
Hahaha the elf on top of the fridgeI love itlove you guys
when Elijah fell off the couch Maddie was smiling.
Like if your a true fan of Maddie and Elijah
Haha oh my gosh Im team Elijah 100% 
Havent seen Elijahs hair in so long 
HI GUYS!!! Y'all are such a cute couple and olive you so much!
Notifications on and I love you guys!
Are u ok WHY DID SHE SAY THAT THATS LIKE THE BOY
Thank u so much for 10 likes
omg, elijah did it back at maddie
elijah now you know how maddie will teact if u ever drink but u wont bc such a good bf to maddie 
What would i do without this channel lmao
I was just binge watching your old videos!! Notifications always on, love you guys 
Team Maddies
Huiiiii
Notifications oooon 
Who was here before they hit 1 million
Havent watched it yet but I know itll be awesome! M&E yall are the best! Never fail to make my day cant wait for tomorrows video
Love you guys! Notifications always on 
Im early
 love you both so much  I hope I finally meet you both for the first time in person and take pictures with you both  always have notifications on  I love you both from the bottom of my heart always I hope you both have a fabulous holiday and New Years  Im ready for 2020 to whats to come in the future for both of you and when are you both getting engaged  #teammaddie always  
Faith
YASS!!! ive been waiting for Elijah to do this back on Maddie 
LIKE IF U LOVE Maddie and Elijah
I love you both!! I got my notification is On
I love you guys so much xoxo when did you guys first  meet?
Yall shall give me a like if you love Maddie and Elijah
Please dont turn into a prank channel, they arent enjoyable to watch anymore
do the missing prank but hide in the house
My notifications are always on for you guys
I've been thinking about u guys like where is my favorite couple ever then I saw the notification appear on the stop of my screen 
Love your videos 
Notifications on
literally your video ideas are getting old and boring
Ummm it was "literally" revenge...dum ass
Fuvk off
Love you sooo much. Notifications on and have been on for 2 years . Please give me a shoutout. Ive been waiting every video.
love you guys so much and notifications are on! 
Hahahaha this is hilarious! Notifications are on love u guys
veiwers make sure to like and subscribe guys and turn notifications one!!
Thank you for doing this prank. I dont know if you saw but I DMd you asking if you could do this prank
notifications are literally always on and love you guys so much <3 (sending love from cincinnati)
Do you ever think that they know that they are pranking one another but go along with it for the video?
Yeah I agree
It's all staged and preplanned both of them know its a prank.. happens on all the channels
For real I think about that everytime they prank one another sometimes I think that a lot of these pranks that everyone does on there channel are set up an lots of people don't deni it cause its part of youtube
Notifications are on!!! Love you guys!!! And I love all your videos!!!
I love you guys so much and when it says 1 minute ago I doubt you will see this but I love you guys and I been thinking a video coming soon
When it say 20 seconds ago, love you guys!!!
this prank got me dead i remember the prank maddie pulled on you with this
The greatest 
Notification on...
Love yuor pranks.. #teamelijah
You guys are adorable
notification squad wya?? 
Notifications on. I love you guys. I always watch your videos because it cheers me up when things aren't going well in life. Thank you for doing YouTube
Elijah is me on my sixth mental breakdown today
Im a simple girl 
I see Maddie and Elijah 
And I click 
Have a nice day you are really nice and considerate love you guys 
4 views and 83 comments?
I love u guyssss sooo much u are the bestttesttt
HAHAHA You should make a real drunk prank
Early! By the way, love you Maddie and Elijah! Notifications are always on! 
Already a dislike haters probably have notifications on lol
Jael Gaytan facts
Great vid!!
OMG EARLY!
Hi Maddie and Elijah i love your videos 
Early
Who else thinks Elijahs acting skills are on point. Also make shure to like and subscribe to these amazing content creators 
@Marcus Wilson I think she was way better
@Snwy The thing that makes Maddie a good prankster is that she can be dramatic but in a way cute to Elijah and cause she knows he will understand it's a prank.
Their both really good pranksters.
@Carlos Alfaro u the hater now shut up and get out of my life!!!
lia dodson get out of here hater
Yess Ive been waiting for you to do this back
Maddie and Elijah way to go!!!!
notifications are on! u guys the cutest one! sending a lot of hug from indonesia love u guys so much
83 like
HAHA omg i love you guys so muchhh
Who else is early and doesnt know what to comment?
@Megan I was tho
Humaira Siddiqa sure 
I'm early...I'm first
Anna-oop
Early and loved the video
Notifications are on! I love you guys so much!
Oh I remember Maddie pulled this prank on you too
First maddie and Elijah wow you guys are the best. I love you guys.please shout me out. APPRECIATION from a small youtuber. EDIT..SMALL YOUTUBER I NEED SUBS PLEASE...LOVE YOU MADDIE AND ELIJAH
Subscribed and turned on my post notifications. You guys are awesome!!
I just love when they prank each other its so cute
Ive always watched your videos
Omg the prank was good Elijah
First
Early!!! I love your videos. You should do another recreating tiktoks video. :) <3
Notifications Are On  Can I please have a shoutout  I love yall so much  #Team Maddie and Elijah 
The intro tho! Aaaahhhhhh!!! Love it!
Who else thinks Maddie and Elijah are the best?
Notifications on subscribed and liked the video class prank
Cutest couple 
when Elijah fell off the couch and Maddie smiled in disbelief 
And when he hit himself on the coffee table she started to smile.
Early love you maddie and Elijah
love you both  notifications on !!
Notifications are on and always will be love your videos maddie and Elijah xxx merry Christmas
I love this types of videossssss
Im here early, because im in the notification squad!!!love you guys so much!!
Hi love you guys so much you make me so happy good prank
Love u guys so much u guys make me happy
Elijah
I honestly dont know how you 2 believe each other at this point I mean I love the prank vids but if I were you i would just stop believing the other person so you must be really good actors! 
Dghvd hfhhb agreed
Maybe this one still looks believable compared to the others but some of their other pranks were just obvious that it were fake
Or all these other youtubers do the exact same video like they know and its pretty much all fake! New content please, NEXT!!!
Ruby J Elijah is a really good actor, i wouldnt be surprised if these are fake. Theyre just for entertainment at this point
I think they don't really believe each other and just go along with it
quit acting like you actually think hes drunk
You know what? Keep yo dum ass comments to yourself please... sry if it to much to ask!
Ya agreed
emily jaelyn she not, get over it.... stop thinking that way. Yall are trying to make it a big thing
Lol Elijah gets Maddie back for the drunk girlfriend one 
I love you guys so much! Notifications turned on!
Please like this, this will make my day
LolLOVE LAHAVE A GREAT DAY Y'ALL!
You prank each other way too much how did you not know that it was a prank
Lmao I was wondering when this video would arrive. 
First
yay when it says 34 seconds ago
Not gonna lie the intro had me laughing
KingKobraJoe 
Omg mads and ligh I love you Guys so much I bought ur loading love merch for Christmas you guys are amazing and your videos make my day !
Notifications are always on love you guys 
You should do the I got beat up prank on Elijah post notifications on
Notifications on! Hehe I love you guys
I love you guys so much
elijahs acting is awesome and funny
Oooo this is gonna be good 
52nd like!!
Yesss
I love your videos keep up the good work Im dying of laughter just reading the intro
Youre actual relationship goals 
First comment  Love you guys please reply.
I love your energy
Hi i love u guys
luv ya guys
Omg firsttt
So so so funny love you guys 
LOVE YOU GUYS
Hey Maddie and Elijah love u so freakin much ur the freakin best love yall have an amazing beautiful day or night whenever youre seeing this ok bye love ya
I love you dude
Firsttttt
What's up guys
No views!!! Never been so early! Love u guys
First to like
Notifications always on I love you guys sm !!
notification squad!! I LOVE U SM OMG
u guys are so fun to watch 
I love this!!!
Mad die is so pretty
Love you guys 
notifications are always on and i love you both so much
Early ily
Like if your one of their OG subs
It said Im second like..  wow I love u
_Who else is older than 5 years old_
_Btw road to 2k subs your support will be appreciated_
2 likes haaaaaaaaaa
Love 
Lol always excited for these videos
This has me buckled 
I love you
i love you guyssss
NEVER BEEN THIS EARLYYY
Omg!! I love you guys. 
Lol,, YAY FIRST COMMENT
too early for good comments 
First one
Aw I love this
First
You guys are the cutest couple 
FIRSTTT
First
Notifications on love you Maddie and Elijah happy holidays and a new year
Second
Favourite notification 
First
first
And finally,
SWEET REVENGE WHOS TEAM ARE YOU ON
#TEAMGRACE #TEAMZEUS
#TEAMZEUS
#TEAMZEUS
#TEAMBOTH for now
#teamwhoeverpunchesboththeseretardsintheface
#TEAMGRACE !
Its cute
01:52
Omg... she's so nice.
i like the zipping and unzipping shirt haha
when i did this challenge she gave up
Your girlfriend is so cute)) dont worry you too
Sorry if there are errors, I'm just from Russia
Someone who knows about Forrest music, i found a Jewel :)
I could never do this oml
Shes so sweet omfg
This is how i am with everyone and no one likes me :)
she look like your sister how on earth he became your gf
I paused to listen to my music at 2:07 and then heathens came out of nowhere, like around 2:30 on heathens twenty - one pilots
11:43 she tried to hold down the touchpad to turn it off 
Hey #Zeus ? #Kratos Wants You Location 
Bruh i need q girl like her you can see that she loves him so much
"WHAT'S WRONG?"
7:41 he is using brute 
Such disgrace
She is the cutest thing ever  gosh I couldnt stop laughing 
Lovely and most valuable girl...he is lucky very very lucky
I need her DNA i'll make one for myself.
iM So desperate and sad.
Grace is a child at heart
Some many thoughts: First, she is so cute, I felt so bad every time she says What did I do?, second was pretty funny when she sat on your shoulders. 10/10 Actually I don't want to continue writing. I'm a lazy boy :v you got it
adorable bro
how.can he stay normal?
Jesus shes annoying af when she needs attention
Let the man play fortnite
Then she cheats. Whos the prank on now biach. !?
Lol she's amazing
My question is why is he sitting on the chair instead of the bed 
No hate  
Zeus and grace you two are the best
I like the part when she says "what's wrong?"
This whole time she couldve wasted all the money on his credit card and he wouldnt do anything, but she didnt 
So cute
Like #TEAMGRACE
Comment #TEAMZEUS
Laughidup
10:36 he looks at camera like help
Dude I wouldent last 2 mins lol
Yeah I'm sure you wouldn't...
Yooo... If I had a gf like this, I would be a really blessed mofo. I wouldn't let her go. 
You are lucky men seriously
How the fuck this guy didn't  Lauch,and he winned the game,Os this the God of the gamers?
U said prank 7x
"ZEUS... LOVE ME!"
she looks like a baby sounds like a baby acts like a baby
this girl is the cutest most craziest
Is so cute your girlfriend
I couldnt, she to cute to ignore
Dang bro got me in bed crying, yall are goals 
5:12-5:15
So sweeetttttt
Very nice love.....bro
Hope that my ex was like that
Some guys have all the luck -Rod Stewart
Lolol
I bet he was playing GTA 5 or FORTNITE
Zeus, you might be the God of Thunder, but Grace is a goddess of revealing pranks.
no offense but looks like he's sister
Dam Man u did well, but the girl caught on
Aww what a cute couple.
Shes real cute with it ngl
I should try this with my girlfriend , wait... I dont have one 
My girlfriend would proceed to do permiscous things and I would lose very quickly 
Bro, I want a girlfriend like her.
Elle est trs trs trs patiente ta de la chance d'avoir une jolie petite copine aussi patiente et gentille
Bro you're really lucky to have a such a cute and kind girlfriend
is she a 10 year old child...!
Is he playing Gta 5?
Oh wait no its fortnite
She keeps touching you with her feet for some reason
Gonna play drums on your butt
I dont have instagram 
U just awesome dude, i can't hold for that long for ignore some cute girl ever haha
shouldve tried this with my latina ex
I like that she kept asking what's wrong and stayed sweet to him
Me: *watches this video*
Grace: EVERYBODY CLAP YOUR HANDS!!
Grace: *Claps her feet*
Me: Well I found my twin... 
Lol she would torture for attention 
At first I am ready to die anytime but then I saw this special and lovely girl, she makes me wanna kill myself ASAP
Omg she is so adorable and innocent
Is she 15? He looks like a 30 years old
Sometimes we just love the attention 
Keeper.
I've never felt more single
4:34  hahaha love that part
This is the happiest ignoring-girlfriend-prank i have seen for the first time!! Enjoyed so much too see chemistry between both of you. And one more thing, she trust you a lot, you are so lucky man!
7:48 my lonely and single ass cannot handle this shit
This dude has the best gf ever
Can't ignore girlfriend if you don't have one. 100 IQ. 
*oh.*
When your girlfriend is 12 years old
Your Girl has some nice Feet my bro.
Simp ass nigga
and i even dont get a text back
her: you hurt meh elbow...
also her: kiss it 
her: ZEUSSSSSS!!!!
Geht die einem auf den Sack
Wow... You have a amazing person with you... Wow it's, very nice
Lucky boy...
Grace is so cute when trying to get the attention of Zeus.
That girl is flexible. 
Tries everything in her power to get his attention EXCEPT turning off the XBox because that would be crossing the line. KEEPER!
why am i literally her 
She's such a treasure
2 minutes in and I already want to cry because of her trying to talk to u
27 was my b day dude :)
Can't say it's fake or not
She act sooo sweet I could not do that for 24 hours 
she looks kinda like annie leblanc
Wow she acts like my kid brother's 7th grade girlfriend.
Morgz's better version
If i ignore someone they become happy
Oh my gosh his girlfriend his so sweet... I would not last at all...
Best gf ever!!!!!!
This lady is soooo annoying
Bro how did he keep a straight face so well? I couldn't even do this.
Omg she's so cuteee. I wish i have a gf like her
My girlfriend would do the... Oh fuck I dont have girlfriend
you have to get rid of this girl bro
How do you not laugh during the first minutes, i would have been cracking up
"I love you. What's wrong?" 
Damn, that would've broken me.
i feel so bad! argh it hurts
Longing for this
Are we ignoring the fact that he's playing fortnite?
Did i say fortnite is bad Xd. Calm down. Who loves fortnite?
T j a n i c b u s 
Ok did I get wooooshed 
I dont know 
You literally have a fortnite pfp
T j a n i c b u s 
Yes I hate fortnite
But let the man be 
He can play what he wants
Shes so playful...I love it
dont do that to your gf because i have no gf
this is cute
No se , como llege aqui , pero todos quisieramos una chica linda , y que nos ame tanto como ella a ti xd ;) q suerte :D sean felices y suerte con el canal
Dont this again
Reminds me of a couple porn videos Ive seen
Is this what happens when girls dont get attention? 
Yess never happens tho
Her reaction is really cute xD
So sweet the girl
So sweet the girl
Grace: *picks up foot* *oh your getting a call* *puts it in front of his face*
Also Grace:*Leave a message
Me:*oh Im getting a call No oh ok yup Im lonely* 
(*Not doing this for pity by the way*)
OMG aw shes so cute
I couldnt do this for an hour let alone a day
3:20 u had a nice view there my man
This was so cute, i swear-
I don't know how this dude kept a straight face through this she's a sweetie how can you ignore that girl. 
Pohaaaaaaaa chata pa karalho
She  was so cute but maybe because She knew that it was a prank
17:05 this caught me so off guard 
You are so lucky, She is your girlfriend! 
I swear she is the best girlfriend-
Omg she is so cute
I prank in my girlfriend now she is my friend thank you
I felt so bad at the start of this prank she was so precious and sounded so sad when you were ignoring her
He didn't do 24 hours what a lie
She should've left him for playing fortnite
Maybe she really did something wrong coz she trying so hard..
This was a riot 
She looks 7
She kinda cute tho
She is really good 
If the same prank is made on Indian  Tamil girls *his game ends in first ten min*
And her game starts *Ignore him for next 10yrs*
I think I just fell in love with Grace the very first time I watched a video. I so loved your antics as you were being ignored, very cute! I am not sure how Zeus kept it together.
obviously fake
I think i want a girlfriend like yours
She's a keeper
She is so cute bro.. she loves you so much.... always be together bro
She used the Moose caller omg
I can do that but I can't face the consequences !
Vou fazer com minha namorada. Ops eu no tenho.
My girlfriend has been doing this prank to me for 3 and half months and counting, such a sweetie 
So cute
She precious
Soo cuteee , pureness literally
Me when I ignore my cat for 2 seconds
If i do this prank, my girlfriend would probably instantly dump me...
And im 14
If I have a girlfriend like her I would rest ny life with her
I was laughing because its so hard to watch a cute girl trying to talk to her boyfriend
God damnit im so jealous, i wish all women are like this. Not trying to be sexist, just dreamin..
Lol he is playing plants vs zombie
Wow,...you ignore her for about 6 or more hours ( not at all close to 24 hours ) & she still loves you after that? Holy shit! She's gotta be your soulmate if she's going to remain within your life & never leave you. I guess as long as you remain her type/a pretty boy to her,..I guess she'll never leave you. Any other girl would most likely drop you right there.
How ducking old is this girl
God bless your relationship brother! 
How were you able to hold your laugh when she tries to get your attention lmao
Weirdly reminds me of anna trying to get Elsa's attention
Ey he playing Fortnite
I'm being ignored right now
12:36 
Damn shes cute
-Im gonna stole your girl-
Just kidding
Why cant every girl be like Grace? My Ex would had got a gun after the first sentence i ignored.. I wish i find a girl like Grace ^^
Perfect girlfriend
She's a keeper  and he's a pranker 
zeews
your girlfriend looks like 14
        
Low-key how persistent she is kind of cute
I'm actually not lying, i wish all girls were like this. This guy is lucky!
Like if she really wanted his attention she could've just blew him on the spot lol
how the hell you stand without laughing?
She has big  love at him.And I like the type of a girl.
Get yourself a Grace
7:54 I hate to say this but... 
that's so cute
Wait he plays fortnite and hes not 9 years old? Well ive seen everything now.
fake.
LOL. if I do thats to my girlfriend she would probably break up with me after 10 mins.  
Youre lucky to have her im jealous 
Aww your girlfriend so cute
Imagine doing that to your future children. Oof
Imagine doing that to your future children. Oof
I wish I had a girlfriend to do this troll
2:21 "are you mad at me" wow that's so adorable
Thalia *Grace* is Zeus's daughter
Everyone not realizing its fake is the real prank
zeus's mind: ahhhhh my back its... broken 
zeus's mind again: nooo nooo not the legs ahhhhh
Cat Video starts at 7:28
So cruel, yet so funny.
How old are they 16 17?
Your girlfriend is crazy but cute
fake, normal woman would find a way to get attention
She have a lot of energy 
I wouldn't be able to ignore such a sweet and adorable girl
why does she sound like 14
Wholesome...
So flippin wholesome...
Dude you better keep her she looks like a really nice and sweet person. You earned a sub!
Damn, I wish I had a girlfriend that wanted this much attention. All the girls at my school are THOTS.
She reminds me of Mabel from gravity falls
Haha such a loser I've been ignoring my girlfriend for 17 years straight
@Danny D king
20 years here mate
u dont even know who your gf is
How cute
omg she's like super cute
Man, I want to get married to a girl who cares about me, not a feminist n shit. Damn Zeus, you're lucky.
2:12 she finally understands our pain
grace is such a good girlfriend!! brooo you're soooo lucky
OMG she so cute AAAAAAA feels bad during the whole thing for her lmao
Girls = cats. Confirmed.
OMG HIS GF IS TOO CUTE THO
I hope my life is like him
Thanks this made me feel lonely 
Hope you keep the fun!
Can i have music name at 5:35? Anybody know?
Living proof that being an asshole to women makes them like you and desire you more. take notes bois.
well, apparently my girlfriend has been ignoring me for 25 years
I just felt bad for her
how to make your girlfriend not pay attention to you just say WE DECIDE then wait for him to respect it that's just easy right
How boring can be a vid...
Well, we know who can get laid easily
Jeff Bezos be like That was a 30 years ignore challenge son!
How did he keep such a straight face ? I would either laughed or felt bad lol.
5:35 WHICH SONG IS SHE DANCING TO
why wouldnt she just take his headphone in the first place
HAHA YOUR GIRLFRIEND ARE VERY FUNNY LOL
By the way it's fake but I love it'
Tf u playing that aids game
why your GF so cute?
"24 hours"
So playful
Bro this was cute as frick merry her she *WORTH THE COMMITMENT*
You're a lucky men
First video Ive seen on your channel, I guess you prank each other a lot. Im wondering how Grace didnt get mad sooner? Most people would, shes incredibly patient. Wife material for sure, most girls (and men) probably wouldve started screaming, left the room, strangled you, or some other form of rage.
Oh my god her personality is so cute im jealous!!!!!
7:50 is that a brute are you a bot
If you cheat on her I swear Ill find you and fuck you up. Keep her.
She is adorable. Why is she so perfect.
Me sitting here waiting for her to try and flash him while standing in front of the TV to get his attention.
Omg she is so cute
She is so sweet, i felt bad when she said What did i do? 
Ryujin 2:13
When?
Nossa que amor!!!! Kkkkkkkkk
im jealous
Why am I in love with this girl I just saw a video of ?
13:50 
4:35 THAT LITTLE SCREAM HAHAHA shes so sweet 
Dang my dad was able to do this for 19 years lol still waiting for him
I have one question, how the hell did you keep a straight face lol?
Tbh I'm so jealous he have such a cutie girlfriend :( treat her good and never let her go man!!
7:15 why did i laughed so much?
I enjoyed the video
You got a new sub
damn bro i wouldn't be able to stand such a cutie
I was lonely before watching this video 
Now im lonely and jealous :/
4:32 kiss the elbow AHAHAHAH
Che carina leiii
Is it just me or dose someone else thinks she looks like his daughter
Marry her she is a good girl
3:35 I was honestly worried the chair might collapse xd
I couldn't do this without laughing 
This is called emotional abuse, otherwise its 100% scripted
I lost my head when she started using him as a surfboard XD
you: ignoring your girlfriend 24 hour.
me: Dont even have girlfriend
,     
        ?  , , ?
what is she doing 
Its cute to watch but we all know its scripted. Still nice video
Ignoring my GF for 24hrs, marriage and divorce (GONE WRONG)
Omg  i was crying  she is such an angel 
One of the sweetest and true girlfriend..
Didn't know what's wrong but apologized and said "i love you"
She got the same braids as Greta thunderberg
Disliked for fortnite
Her attitude reminds me of my cat so much lol
shes so adorable 
If you dont know this is fake you a fucking idiot
If you still play fortnite in 2019 then your going to hell
7:57 I wish to have this position with my gf
Fortnite
Why does she look kinda like piper perri
I like how she automatically thinks she did something wrong
This is so fake
The rich vlogger couples dont hit as much as these two, so cute omg
7 yr old me trying to wake my mom up at 6 in the morning 12:12
Her revenge: "IGNORE MY BOYFRIEND FOR 10 YEAR PRANK!"
Bruh she dude something because she is giving you that little girl voice and why do girls always need attention I don't understand?
Shes like a cat waiting for food.
you have a creative girlfriend , hahahah
I've been doing this my entire life though
Shit i did this with my mom she Is ignoring me for 17 years now i can't even see her
Shone dude thats the terrible one...
This girl really loves you..
Ooooo nap time oooo cuddle time awweee this capsule me single in 100 languages
Called*
I'm so lonely. I have nobody.
Bikin cemburu gua yg jomblo aja lu anjing 
JAJAJAJA soy de argentina no le entend nada pero me Cage de riza lol JAJAJA
Solo voy a decir que eres afortunado de tener un novia as que te quiere, se preocupa y sobre todo es muy juguetona jajajajaj.
BEST GF EVER!
I wish I had a gf
Oh my goodness she is so sweet
If I ever had a gf she would have slap me you 20 min recording the video
11:54
the nicest gf i ever seen, mine would throw the gamepad away etc
My gf would be like babe are you mad at me
this shit doesnt work if you tikilish
Por que me da ternura jaja 
3:32 u know what u looking at
17:26 U gross sick person
You better marry that girl or I will...
If I did this my girl would just blow me 
Grace is soo damn cute
she looks like a cat rsrs
maryana ro
She's adorable
Dam all she does for attention
Hey that was mean
Having a girlfriend and keeping her for 24h challange
I'll fail before even a minute into this
So, you are saying that.. these kind of girls exist in real world
@ 5:25 she's resorted to asking Google lol
Oh men if she was a latin you are death in so many ways
 ,      ,    
fuck... so cute...
I feel single event doe I'm not 
(for y'all solos out there i feel ya)
I did the same to my gf.
She broke up with me that same day
Imagine being so pro at Fortnite you got a Victory Royale while ignoring your girlfriend
Nothing like some negligence in the morning
I love being single 5yrs baaaybeee
She is damn cute.. what a lucky guy
I could never keep a straight face through all that lmao
God, both of you are so fucking annoying!
Daaamn she is such a nice and sweet person!
How is there a woman this sweet in the world? Youre one lucky guy
That was so cute 
OMG! even tho u ignore ur girlfriend, u have still her now! I have my fucking Males
It's makes sad , it's not funny :(
Allah bless them  forever...as a Wife and Husband for forever...Ameen
This is hilarious. Women are attention whores.
If this was my wife i would have gotten my ass beat after about three minutes, lol
Shes like a cat
No one:
Absolutely no one:
Literally no one:
Grace: *splits your skull with a pillow*
She is so sweet and adorable. Shes a keeper. That is all
are we going to ignore the fact that hes named after one of the gods?
Man literally found a 3D wifefu.   Outstanding
So fake. "a few moments later" was litterly a second. No change to the game screen. How convenient
The main question is
Did he win a game tho?
some people r sayin its cute af and shes precious and others r sayin its childish and annoying.
But she has sm courage to have that personality . Whenever u have a personality like that u get judged constantly and ngl it hurts a lot. I used to have that kinda personality a few years back. 
And ppl never tell u its annoying them until they snap at u and that shi b hurtin.
(Idk if its the same for her but still)
This is not a prank...
This determines life... or death...
Just keeping that straight face for that long is legendary 
11:52 wtf
I'm new to this channel and she's  adorable you lucky bastard, great video keep u the good work
Dude I would love to have a girlfriend like urs (one that doesnt freak out after like 10 mins of ignoring)
Literally to perfect for this world.
My boyfriend has been doing this prank for 6 years
Thats the kind of girl from my dreams. Its just a dream tho 
Everybody waiting for she taking her clothes off
I would have laughed.i am bad at acting.
Title: ignoring my girlfriend for 24 hours
Next video: trying to find a new girlfriend after getting dumped
Marry her
He still managed to pwn nubes in COD
What was he playing guys?
*ignores her*
She acts friendly and enthusiastic...
*Prank is over*
"I hate you"
if shes that needy RUN
What a sweet gf hope you dont make here cry
She tried everything Lol
Thirty girls be like in November
Nah that's normal shit for a woman dude.
Ur gf is yung
I won't be able to do that
Look like a cute anime episode 
Awww man, it's been like 1minute and I feel so bad, she is so cute and nice
Dude she's sweet and funny, I swear, I hope you will marry her!
She's acting like anime character :)
Grace is actually a 7 yo boy trapped in an adult women body
I subbed after watching this video (this channel currently have 196k subs)
I just found this channel and SHE'S SO PRECIOUS! Keep her because I can feel the pureness
I do this with cameras off
HE WAS USING A MECH WTF
he just went and sat on macbook
I tried this with my gf and it was so easy since i dont have another human to call gf
Should be called how to break up with your girlfriend prank
BRO SHE'S TOO PURE
Why is grace underaged
I would like to try it..........just need a girlfriend.
So it's come this
Me watching other people in relationships instead of being in one myself
MARRY HER
Such a dream girl... Everything about yo girl is perfect... You're one lucky dude for having her to love you
She didnt het mad once, thats one lucky catch!
Im gonna show how much I love my girl by guess what guys IgNoRinG hEr fOr a WhoLe DaY
Lol i love this totally not scripted and well thought out prank. Nice one, m8 lol
right off the bat pretty funny
so cute
You know its sad when your boyfriend has a bigger butt than yours
*freaking adorable*
I wouldn't be mad...I would just be literally devastated. When my husband can't speak to me it is because I have done something to hurt him deeply. The feeling in the pit of my stomach is like getting stepped on by an elephant. I don't think I could last 24 hours.
She's so special
I could not do this even If  I tried
How old is she?
I've tried this once with my girlfriend and it was about five minutes before she started to try and kick me in the balls to get my attention. Don't ever date a gymnast.
She cute
This hurts to watch. </3
The cringe
I swear dude...This made me emotional af...If you lose her...You done fucked up mate....
My cat behaves like this girl when I ignore her
If it was not acted, it had to be pretty hard.
12:31 I saw a little smile here huh
"ignoring my wife for 2 weeks challenge!! Died of thirst!!!!!"
Broooo shes so sweet how could you are you mad at me
this is the first video I've seen for you, but dang, I can't do that. It's more of a challenge for me than it is a prank
Now I know why she occasionally pretends that I do not exist! She must be doing this prank.. 
I hope...
yall know this is fake right
  ,   
WTF. She's a total keeper.
If I ignored my gf shed probably never talk to me till I talk to her lmao
damn she is cute
1.5x speed
She is so funny.
plot twist : he doesn't ignore her he just focus
*She's so nice, u are so lucky c:*
I have that same blanket but blue so comfortable plus visco girl and did she flash him
I was feeling like you were ignoring a cat
Omg she's so adorable, i was laughing the whole time at the shit she was doing 
Now this would be no problem if your gf is one of those raging bitches who has the personality of sandpaper but doing it to a sweetheart like this ....id probably break before 2 hrs.
first time here on this channel , cool prank but what is up with her and feet? Not knocking the fetish but she puts her feet up or does something with his foot (when she hit her elbow) a few times in this vid.
Fortnite = son of a bitch
points for her, she did pretty well.
So if my single butt wants gf all I have to do is ignore them and they will not leave me alone??? Word.
Its like a cat. Ignore them and they will get all up in your shit.
At least you have gf 
She hit her head 
omg she so cute dude xD dont evet lose her
I subscribed becuz of Grace
Idk if its acting or not
Woah, this should be, looking at a screen for 23 hours
My friends did this to me for about 5 years
just waiting for them to be like HAHA GOTCHA
she protecc
she attacc
but most importantly
she want him bacc
are all youtubers just using imovie now?
This video was amazing going to do this to my wife lol
i love her, the way she seeks attention from you was funny, keep fucking each other
Men:It was a very hard to act without laugh
Woman:do this next time you will c me next morning
Guy ignores his 12 yr old sister for 24 hours
Oh she crazy crazy. Lol jk
Trying not to react as much as possible.  That's one hell of a torture.
Trying to get attention nonstop without getting really mad.  That's a godly patience there.
First timer here.  What a nice pair we have here.
Feel like she kinda knew from the start
Who is here After they broke up
The hardest part when doing this are that to keep a straight face.
SO FUCKING YES idk how is he doin that
Yeah ....
yeah like HOW??? did he do that.
Im still doing the no girlfriend challenge
You: ignores your girlfriend
Her: sits on tv stant
What the fuck was this into
Grace is too cute.
First few minutes i heard her voice and just clicked off she seems like a nice person
You look like mid 20's. She looks and sounds like she's 16.
World is better if all girlfriends were like her
Nooo she is a big kid
I want a girl like this
I do not get this challenge? All the girlfriends got to do is take her clothes off and do some sexual things and the guy would fail? This video sucks.
If I ever had a girlfriend. I'd wish her to be like Grace... she's perfect
The patience and dedication she has to try and figure out what's going on. I like the fact she does the most random things and still doesn't get mad.
Bruh everyones saying its staged lol this isnt staged iv heard plenty of slight anxiety freak outs and shes having one and I think shes just handeling this well or shes caught on to whats happening or something
Alta casa
this is the cutest thing I've seen in a while, she's like a puppy and its just sweet
Curse you youtube. Recommending me this knowing that I'll get jealous and sad at the same time for not having such a girl like that. I'm happy for them btw. Such a great couple.
whats yo psn when can join up
Wife her
Thats fu cking weird... I was watching this and heard tanner and I said out loud and looks around and was like... wtf who said my name, played the video again and heard her say tanner again XD
How is this man stone cold??? I was laughing at everything 
God she is too cute, I wouldnt be able to ignore her for 5 seconds 
I would have lost my composure at the beginning. "are you mad at me" the worst feeling to have, I'd feel to bad 
im sry but thats mean
yle bir sevgilimiz oldu'da biz mi sevmedik ?
Hey my name is JaLexious Scott and I am done and I live in minden Louisiana and I love u guys
I cant believe how did you win in fortnite with all that noise
Grace said prank 7 times
I wouldve failed as soon as she asked me if I was 'playing Fortnite?'waaaaaay too adorable to ignore
She's to adorable to ignored
I wish I had a girlfriend like that ;-;
OMG she is a kid
Cant do this cuz i dont have one
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk no
ur gf looks like a 12 year old
At the beginning I felt bad than I found it funny
Tried this with my GF had to stop the prank she started crying and when I told her it was a prank lets just say she wasnt to happy and pulled both my ears for 4 minutes
Poland durind WW2 looking for help colorized
I wish I had a girl like this :/
Its a really cute video actually. She really does act like a child though
She have so much energy man i like it!
Ok that was just adorable.. I tried it with my gf and she dead ass broke up with me for about a week
@KINGSHACK this wasen't good acting either. Most comments you see are children that believe everything. These "pranks" are very stupid and childish.
@KMS Prinz Eugen damn fam . Well I know most are but they don't have that good acting
@KINGSHACK yup, also 99% of all prank are fake btw. Just letting you know.
@KMS Prinz Eugen damn..... It seemed so wholesome.... Wait u telling me I almost lost my gf for a fake vid
Bruh this vid is fake.
She fixed your jacket even when you were ignoring her she's a keeper
Is ur gf 15
She's like your little sister's annoying friend that's always over.
Don't try this anyone. Neither every girl nor every relationship is this cool....
take a shot every time she says whats wrong? oof sounds like alcohol poisoning
why you doing this with you'r gf?
You have to be a really great guy and you must reassure her a lot. She doesnt go straight to thinking of bad things and thinking the worst. You guys are adorable.
Elusive
This is what I strive to have.
of she ignored him and he started climbing in her she might get injured that would be a bad video
Step up the game a level and act as if she wasn't there at all. No reaction to anything.
After 5 seconds my girl be pissed
I call B.S. on this video.....if she really wanted to get his attention after awhile she wouldve flashed him.
No shit. Ofcourse this video is fake.
this is painful to watch
I hope my girlfriend will do that to me just to get my attention
But my girlfriend is perfect
@Shadow Gaming damn ,sorry if it hurt you
@Dan Lesnar i thought you said i was only imagining my girlfriend it kind of hurt me tho
@Shadow Gaming it was joke lmao
@Dan Lesnar i have a girlfriend tho...
And Imaginary
Such a nice girlfriend :)
She cares of you
And she talks so sweet xD
You both look nice
Bro the way that adorable little ball of energy loves you is fucking amazing and beautiful and I hope you cherish her cause that woman absolutely fucking loves you
10:25 the laptop was disappear
Shes a keeper!
And also a faker.
Shes so special and cheer up. OMG dont lose her please, your the lucky person Man
"I'm gonna *lick* your foot!" (4:20)
So cute
How to keep a girl around you.
Ignore her
HES PLAYING FORTNITEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE LIKE IF YOU NOTICE TOO
Jesus shes so sweet
,   :)
Zeus! Love meh!
When he went on the bed
Her: Free real estate! 
How does this video have 900 plus dislikes. People be salty asf.
ah damn, i want a girlfriend too
Bruh how did you do this didn't you feel bad  how did you even not laugh she a clown 
Edit: I'm dead I can't with this 
She is so adorable i couldnt ignore her xd im jelly
Finally a youtube couple with sense 
Ofcourse its a prank youre youtubers
she's so adorable, man zeus u better keep her happy dude she's one of a kind. hope y'all have happy relationship!
Cantik cuk ceweknya di ewek enak tuh
Grace is sweet, zues is probably really lucky
I think I saw the anime version of this
Lol she has a cute  personality
Woman do the wierdest shit if u ignore them 
You're the lucky one, don't lose her
he plays fortnite and he has a girlfriend what...
this is illegal
Zeus look like Ciro Immobile
Really Handsome Guy and a really Beautiful girl. Wow you guys look so cute together.
Well my gf ignores me for a couple of weeks now. Is it a prank?
02:44 I thought she was gonna flash him 
Shes like a little kid
This is hilarious LMAOOO
@4:10 "zeus doesnt ignore me when HE'S mad" she js talk to you in 3rd person bro?
I wish my girlfriend was that clingy
with Russian girls this will not work xD
When she said are you mad at ne i felt that 
4:30 when he didnt kiss her elbow. She exploded 
Omg dude you need new chair
When you are single AF YouTube recommending  these things
......
Sad world my friend
Haha xame bros so sad
Yea no shit
Yo is she 14?
My girl would haves socked my head multiple times
I cant never do dat imma smile or laugh tbh
13:47 WTF?
She is totally the best girlfriend someone could ever ask for, you're so lucky to have her dude...
Lucky bastard my gf wouldve screamed at me for a whole hour and then tell me all the reasons why im a degenerate and a waste of space :,D
Omg xd
When I do this my ex would go crazy and make a scene.
Haha lucu bro ceweknya, sampai kayak stres gitu. Mau di coba tapi belum ada . Lancar selalu bro hubungannya 
Salam dari Indonesia
Are you sure she's of legal breeding age?
I always lose this. Everytime i do this my gf started to take off her clothes
ive never seen such a big ball of energy in a tiny human being.
such click bate
Shes so cute doing all that 
Awwwww your girlfriend is so cute with u 
She's spunky like a pony she's cute
I really really wish to get a girlfriend and a potential wife like her, my god she is soo devoted to him, usually most of the girls would be like fine go play your stupid game.. marry her Zeus..
Total keeper man. She has a ridiculous amount of patience...and energy! 
I think my poker face would break in the first few minutes if I tried pulling this off 
That got needy as fuck SO fast, lol XD
OH MAN I SAW SO MANY VIDS OF "ignoring my gf for 24h" THAT I AM GOING TO IGNORE MY GIR.........oh right
proof we are breeding stupidity
Shes like a child omggg so cute
She's so sweet. I'm a guy and 30 seconds in when she was like did I do something wrong, you okay, ily, I would've cracked like I can't do this to you.
Lmao she's like 4 year old or something. So cute.
I think we all wish we had someone like her lol
SHe should have just slobbed the knob
The audacity of this man. I could never do this to a woman
I just got recommended this and am not disappointed. Also skipped forward while GF was trying to get his attention makes her look like she is in a sitcom going crazy! So great! 12/10!
So cute 
That would be sooo god damn hard
I would crack, sorry
What the name of the song that plays in the beginning
Thanks
i found the song its: where the light is - Surfaces
BRAVO LOVE YOU 
His gf is so cute! So happy for u 2!!!
Yah right nice acting well scripted man....  Nice one...
Dude, first time here on this channel, i actually felt bad for her and i was almost crying
She's special dude, other girls you just don't reply her because u didn't hear, and start packaging all the stuff.
Grace. Lol  
10:26 that control. Well played bro x)
Are you sure she is not a cat?
7:53 they always find a way to fit in our arms
This isnt Even a prank this is just kinda douchy
I for sure know you drink soy milk
Worst Prank ever!
That laptop suffered under his ass
BROWNING PILLOWS !
Love it
I would give up everything for such a good person like that
"Do you want to build a snowman..?" 
Man, she is the right one
13:06
Zeus:
Grace: **Slap**  **Slap**
Your girlfriend is like my 3 yr old lmao
I cant believe your composure. Id burst out laughing. Shes a keeper and dont ever forget that.
Grace is the cutest
Ah, the tried and true "How to become single" "Prank"
Fake? My girlfriend would never be like this on me if I ignored her, she would just think something is off, maybe ask a question see if I respond. If I do not respond, she would back of, and then proceed to be pissed at me for the next month once I told her that it was all a prank. So yeah, thanks for making my day worse, hope you have a great day, cheers. :D
You are like man to have her in your life and how did you controlled your laughter.
*imagine you did this to your family*
Please no one do this, this is stupid and mean
What a bullshit yar!
They have youtube channel ,do so many videos,upload it in their channel and they come to know in the end that it is a prank and still saying I don't know it was a prank.
How once they were pranked and on the daily basis doing different stuffs and not at all realising that it might be prank????
I'm from india ,I thought foreigners(English speaking people) were intelligent but these kind of videos make they are more stupid than anyone else..To make stupid those who watch it...
hahahahahahaha 
I'm sorry but I could not have done that for over 15 seconds. I literally would have cried and told her everything xD
relationship goals
He ignored her for playing Fortnite...
Damn  bro if i was u.....i would die for her 
13:23 she's like a baby omg!
that chair is so strong lol
Dude, she is soooo funny!
awww i broke after 2 min watching this vid it was so sad and so sweet of her
She just became like a little girl while trying to get your attention
@Doo Doo Next i mean, if your bf or gf would cheat on you you'd probably be mad for longer than 24 hours.
@ColdIce Tray for 24 hours straight? not saying she IS indeed needy, just that it's how she's pictured here
Doo Doo Next i mean it wouldnt be normal to ignore someone unless you cant hear them or your mad at them. Maybe she thought she did something wrong & wanted to see of she did do anything wrong.
basically turned into an humiliating video showing her being needy af
Ignoring isnt a real prank its only rude
That's gaming set up tho
A real 24 hour prank would actually be recorded for 24 hours
Sana ol
So cute, like a little cat: D I would never have done that with her, after ten minutes I would have taken her and cuddled: D
looks and acts like a 12 yr old lol
7:54 goals
You need to have some giant balls to ignore such a cute girlfriend. Take my like.
She does the cutest and weirdest shit hahaha :D
If I did that to my gf she would do nothing because
She doesn't exist.
Condolence
Such a lovely girl u get there :) wish you two all the best :D
she's so funny))
Jesus.. girl ist nice. 
this is so fucked
He is playing Fortnite lol
Don't need no prank to do that
your gf looks 15 dude
your girlfriend distrub you like a cat
How to lose a relationship for views challenge lol
5:14 lol nice edit, clearly she used the sure fired method of getting attention called "look, boobies" always pulls my husband out of what he's doing. 
I thought she said Soup the first time she said your name.
I am willing to buy a girlfriend. I'm serious I can't let this YouTube recommendation thing keep depressing me.
I would lose my shit and start laughing as soon as she walked into the room
Oh ok. Im THAT single
Jerk. At least you got a girlfriend.
Fml. He is so lucky. Good luck. <3
This is amazing. If i would've done this in my previous relationship, she'd get verbally violent the first five minutes, and then physical.
You're one lucky man.
looks in every corner but the one with the camera
Bro I feel bad for her. It's hard tonwatch
How did he control his laughter?
If I did this my gf would beat me
i feel so bad for her :(
i thought that was titanfall until she said fortnite
  ..  
"I can't fix it if you don't tell me what's wrong"
In this context, it's one of the most mature sentences I've ever heard on YT
I want suicide now, why youtube show this to me 
What amazes me the most was how he was able to play fortnite for so long
But why?
Youre an actual champ... I would have lost it after Are you mad at me and the way she hugged you  how could you keep going
Just marry her. Or I will. :D
Plot twist
He tell grace that he going to prank her
While this was funny, it's not very nice and this is just my opinion, but it's kind of a really big dbag thing to do to someone who cares about you.
This is torcher
lfmao i could never if i had someone imma give them all the atttetion 
idk about spelling hek yall
Marry her! Dude marry her!!
Yep these fake prank channels always mess up cos there bad actors and are 10 IQ at 4:13 she says Zeus doesn't ignore me when he's mad, implying that she is talking to other people cos she knows it's for a video. If she didn't know she would of said Zeus you don't ignore me when you're mad EXPOSED
Zeus not gonna lie you are the man for keeping a straight face that whole time
i dont think he won that game tho
If only I could get a girl that would do stuff like at 3:36 I would die for her to live
Wtf did you do this dumb ass staged prank for
Most girls would just straight up ignor you back. You better cherish her fam
I swear she was about to  to get his attention
How to lose your girlfriend simulator!
The world best lovers your i love your selection god bless you so much
That's a good girl, bro.
This what's sup. Yall chan is refreshing. Keep up the good work.
I did this to my girlfriend she now has 3 kids and just got married. Now has a big house and nice family car. It was the 24 hour challenge.
Prank was a one, dude you got a good gf there, cherish.
How can u build that relation ship?? Its ordinary there?
damn it, i love girl like her
El nico Comentario En Espaol :v
If I did that my gf would ignore me for a month...
This is really ticks me off because she seems like such a nice girl
It's fake and she's  just being plain annoying.
This man doing this when some of us don't even have a gf 
My parents did this prank to each other since I was born they even live in different states
Ima just say it. I wont make it through this video. Its been 1 minute of her talking to you and i wanna hug her and tell her its alright youre the cutest gf ever. Idk how hes doing that lol
shes so cutee awwww
L M A O !
Cuuuuute!
I'm gonna ignore my gf too. 
But i don't have gf...
Watch in max speed. You wont regret it.
*Rubs nose*
Heh, I'm proud to announce that I doing this challenge for almost 21 years already.
Within the first 15 seconds my ex wouldve unplugged the tv and threw the console out the window.
omg she's so sweet xD "what's wrong, what did i do?" XD
Bruh fortnite, out of all games... fortnite... get a life dude
wow that was annoying
08:08 Even he ignoring her completely she found a way to stick in him ...
the whole idea video channel is just facepalm bye
When she said I love you what's wrong....ma heart man....ma heart
shes so cute haha
Ojala tener una novia asi de divertida y linda tambin :(
Why didn't she just grab his junk no man can ignore that
Cold Sky because you dont have one?
More like Grace & Deuce
Idk how YouTube recs work
Cute 
"She freaked out"
Single squad where you at?
Tough, I couldnt do it
I would be sitting and crying
 Congratulations!
That's a keeper. 
She is actually too cute
She sat on him. I'm Dead....
Bruh relationship goals
This is so fricking cute and the same time so fucking sad.
I've have had that atention from a girl, let alone "girlfriend" in my entire life....
she's a keeper.
Oo oo cuddle time!
She straight up adorable how can you ignore her for 24 hours
dont even need to watch the vid cuz its fr pretty obvious its staged
I felt bad for grace
2:08 Awww please stop. She is to cute
Grace: [starts to take his clothes off]
Zeus: ATTENTION ON FORTNITE LOST
In Argentina, if you do this, you'll get a criminal charge and go to Court.
Feminists think ignoring is "Male violence"
Girlfriend leaves forever, prank my ass
I tried this but suddenly my gf start bj me on the spot so i give up asap.
this is so cringy, can't watch this. such a gorgeous gf, i couldnt do that to her if it was me :-)
sooo cuuuute 
How hard was it to do that
This is my first time i watched this channel and i already liked it
why she is so so so cute and specially with baby face .... omg <3
That was so sweet and cute. It's so easy to see how much of a keeper she is 
She is so cute))))
Hahaha so true 
She's so cute
Really it's real then Indian prank ....
God bless thes girl really cute
this is a bit how to get free fuck
I need a girl like this one in my life that fights for my attention.
wtf u have the cutest gf in the word xD pls burn this guy xD
She uses feet as phone 
Me: I'll have what she's having
This Man be playing Fortnite to Ignore his chick. lol
Hhhhhh
What's wrong
It has to be damn hard for him, to not just smile
All these people say, omg I need a cute girl like her. But I only see personality not looks, thats just a bonus.
They *are* talking about her personality. That's what is cute, the child-like attitude.
This is not a good prank. You just make the other one feel bad for 24 hours thinking what they did wrong to upset you. It's torture. Not funny at all. Or maybe I'm just oversensitive.
Fuck her in that neat leggings
ah shit i need a gf :/
Ive been doing this prank for 19 years bro
Omg she's so cute
You are a champion Zeus, I wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes without laughing or feeling bad
How did I end up here ?
goood, shes such a sweet person :D:D
Is your girlfriend single?
Haha wie bescheuert :)
+ Respect
Id find her hard to ignore
How old is she she seems like a kid
subbed
I need a girlfriend too
I only have one condition
Pls be cute like her
*Him does this*
His girlfriend: broke up whit my boyfriend forever
Your girlfriend is my dream.
It's like she's on a sugar rush but it's so adorable
I'm surprised that she didn't undress to get your attention
Timur Mukushev I was waiting her to do it
Sana OL
This is soo cute then anime
I think my girlfriend does this challenge 10 years straight
She was so cute when she tried to get his attention!
Les meufs en Belgique si tu fais a pendant 30 sec elle t'arrache les couilles je vais partir vivre aux USA 
Well I wish I had a gf like this
I wish I had a girlfriend like her 
OK, if I were you, I would already lost at this moment 2:20
She really love you, when first you not respond him,she said she love you, your lucky, no one ever said that for me, even my parents too
Haha you two are cute
I hope this guy realizes he's the world's luckiest man... I'm so shocked rn
awwwww:(
I am still single
This video is just to show how fortunate(I don't know if this is the right wording but...) Zeus is. Loved it.
Ok she's awesome for not kicking his ass during the prank
shes super cute
Your gf is annoying AF
At times I thought she was your little sister trying to get attention...
so is she like 16 or 17? definitely no way in hell she's over 19!
There is a way butt sperm
She feels bad because she thinks she did something bad that made her boyfriend mad but she still tries to make him happy 
you can't do anything if she seduce you
How did you even survive the first 15 minutes of that let alone several hours? She's like a doggy who hasn't seen you in days.
I did this challenge and now she has been ignoring me for 1 year and 3 months
Not even an hour passed and she is trying to get attention
Plot twist, this was pure acting
Oh my gosh. This is soooo cute
Grace: everybody clap there hands*clap her feet*
aahhh i woulda gave in
She really love u, marry her!
1:58 that was enough to make me click off too ratchet
LOL!  SHES WERID !
OMG XD I laughed so hard and I just subbed you two are great
Not gonna lie. She kinda looks and sounds like a 13 year old girl 
*no disrespect intended*
nah man im 13 and she sounds younger
One lucky dude
Next do "ignoring my girlfriend for a whole week"
Bro Id crack right after she said are u mad at me. Like damn u r strong 
Shes like I love u. Brooo how do u do that
She freaks me out ...
Bro she really loves you protect her with your life
Wait until you get married and her pussy ignores you for 24 years.
So ya stay in the room for 24 hour
Rip fuzzyunicorn75. 
Sent this to my gf and she playing the same prank to me now
How old is she ???
For all those wondering. He has adapted to her cuteness so it's nothing special now. Humans struggle to appreciate what they have.
Aww she sounds nice and you prank her thats mean bro lol(im not saying anything about your gf in a way you think is wrkng) lmao ima try this
HEY I WANT ATTENTION!
if I try this with my girl I'm getting kick out 
FORTNITE REALLY? FUCKING FART NITE? FUCKING FART'S NIGHT? SHUN HIM FROM OUR SOCIETY.
Was hoping it turn into a porn scene with her trying to get his attention.
/ /Mirror I thought I was on pornhub for a second then I realized it was YouTube when she didnt try to get his attention with a blowjob and more ;-;
Wrong site
Loser Shane it aint xvideos
I couldnt do this  first 5 sec are you mad at me
*OK TODAY GUYS WE ARE GOING TO DESTROY OUR RELATIONSHIP, OH RIGHT LETS GET TO IT!*
omg she's adorable. She got massive foot fetish XD
She freaked out from the first 10 mins dude....thats what real relationships works
And i love your gf
That gum is the key to holding in laughter? Lol
I wouldn't be able to do it i'd crack after like 10 seconds
your girlfriend is the cutest person i've seen in my life
@Pixies Laje let me tell you how it is, they aren't really like that. They just act that way because they know their audience are children. And children like this type of content.( if children like it, they watch it meaning that they will earn more money) That's why she's acting like that. I hope i cleared your mind on how the world of youtube really works.
@    i just smashed everything you said. Kinda pathedic. Have a great day.
@    i never said i didn't care about the others' thoughts. Im just spitting straight facts.
@    i mean if someone wants to judge me for something i do wrong, i would take the advice. So yeah i kinda would want to get judged.
@    i never said that i was the boss. I just exposed the video of being fake.
I can definitely ignore my girlfriend for 24 hours, and then she ignores me for 4 years :v
Lmao, I did this with my girl a long time ago just to see what would happen and she acted just like this hahah. I know exactly what was going on at 11:19 because my girl tried the same thing lmao. Its all fun though, good times, good memories.
Dang I must be the ultimate pranker because I ignore everyone....oh wait thats just my depression
12:00 wtf is wrong with her i would die to have a similar one
Wow trashnite really wow epic fail, thumbs down
So freaking cute  
She is way too positive about things
when you have the same bedsheets as him
How does this man keep a straight face like wtf
She's awesome, if you not marry her, i'll do this
Me: She is 13
Everyone else: She is so cute!
Me: WTF
No she looks like she is.
She's 13???
She's cute
I'm in love with her and I feel so horrible and ashamed because they belong together.
I can't do this, I dont have the balloons for it.. It would break my heart
oh man, she is so fucking cute, lol
That was not 24 hours but the content was great  you are excused
You wouldn't last 2 minutes if she were a latina lol... see how well you can ignore a right hook
Funny video mate
10:11 I donno why, but he lying down on a laptop annoyed me a lot.
She is so cute...I wouldnt have stand it
So cute 
8:08 my hands would've been off the d** controller
Oh shiiiiiiiiiiiiit, Im fuckin man dude how Im still jealousy of u both. (english not well pass it:D I want a girl like that please god gimme chance :D
shhhh....
just keep looking the pretty flowers...
So the comment with 7.4k likes is so right like she was so sweet through the whole thing
You hurting single's feeling
your gf is so funny
Your girlfriend is such a good person, not to be weird lol.
If this was real, she would be the most annoying person i know.
How is he keeping a straight face
6:20 a mech user shame on you
so sweet
Why i am here
11:29 yo wtf he actually won
Like fr. You lucky to have a girl like that.
Your gf is so lovely...treat her more then good 
3:36 thats like the cutest thing I've ever seen a girl do.
7:30 and thats the funniest thing I've ever seen a girl do lmao 
11:53 Nvm that killed me oh my gosh 
No no no, everything she did after 11:53 was damn hilarious.
Perfect gf doesn't exi...
 wow thats cute
No hate but am I the only one who thinks she is underaged  she cute when she wanted attention tho
*fortnite, a globally common game, appears on the screen* Gf: Are you playing uhhhh what's it called?
She 13?
This dude just found out how to have fun for a whole day
She sounds like marzia
How fucking cute can a girl be? omg is she cute
The dislikes tho
After 10 minutes:
Other girls: "Ok fine play your stupid games i don't care"
Grace: *"Staring contest let's go!"*
That's a cheeleader haha
Hanna Krzewska but... one... more.. quest/round/raid/kill etc etc
Than maybe stop ignoring her
Is that what you want gary ?
Uuhh cute
10/10 more wholesome than expected
so cute keep her
I would like to know what game is he playing
At first it's kinda cute and funny. But then she just becomes annoying and irritating. Maybe he just wants to be left alone so he can focus on playing the game?!
she look like 3
You're girlfriend so cute 
HOW YOU DONT LAUGH XD
this could turn into a porn video, she tries to make him notice her, what about a bj :D
I can imagine this being torture to him as much at it is for her
11:55 
she so cute trying to get attention!!! i need her sweet behavior and transfer to my wife..
2:59 i lost
God damn i wish i have a girlfriend like her. I don't mind her nagging me 24/7
Dude she loks like 16 yers
Awwwwww I want someone like you girlfriend
but it was hard to hard
she is sooo cute trying to get the zeus attention
She is so Sweet 
hows ignoring somebody the whole day a prank?
She's been trying for more than 5 mins. and that makes her the best girlfriend
Ok I like you guys but your merch is shit who wats a Logo like this on an tshirt
It's insane what people do for views
Do :- Pretending I Have A Girlfriend  since 18 years
Hes mean... bet she was panicking when he was out.
You should married him :))) she's so cute :))
"I love u whats wrong?"honestly that was just cute af.....gotta get me a girl like that
I Believe I can Fly 
She: "its for you"
He: *Ignores*
Me: Bruh! How could you do that!?
I do this all of my life because i don't have one.
No disrespect bro but your girl is really cute and very sweet, I wish I had a girl like her.
She sound like a five year old 
"Adowable"
WaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAA
my exwife would have gotten a bat and swung
Music 6:00?
12:17 lol seriously??
Idk why you thought this was smart
I'm not sure if she reminds me of a puppy or a kitten, she was very energetic this isn't scientifically possible
hey hey, she's just adorable and i'll subscribe fr that!
Yr eye balls are bigger than mine. Btwn u look adorable.
Lmao. I love how she persists
This wasnt for 24 hours
i did it with my girlfriend, and i didn't even last for 2hrs. how can u ignore something so cute??!!!
OMG she is so cute
"are you mad at me? are you mad at me? what did I do?" OMG, if I have a girlfriend, I would never do this prank. She is so cute.
My dad did this prank for 20 years, still waiting for the gotcha moment tho
My dad did it for 8 hes died
 she is so funny 
Omg she is amazing she don't give up she doesn't get angry such a keeper
your girlfriend need job ?
I am tanner
This was painful to watch bro. I could not do that bro 
i love the part when says everybody clap your hands
Man low key wish I had a girlfriend like that 
I always wanted to know how it would be if it was a white couple lol
Havent watched the video, but why would you deliberately ignore your girlfriend for a day straight?   Thats not funny, its just shitty.
Bro, watch the video first. He wouldn't do that if he knows that his gf will be mad. It's actually wholesome to watch this.
If this was a latino woman, zeus would be dead by now.
Okay m ded
Latina Stupido
@TheCarlosYT I know how you feel, they are so much bullshit
No, not the flip flop
tbh this isnt even a prank this is just kinda rude id think
Huh I just realized his name is zeus
Your a lucky guy, her voice and personality is just the best. I bet $9.000.000 that u guys are going to be the best husban and wife ever
Bro she like Anna from Frozen 
Thats the most wholesome girl Ive ever seen.. hold onto that bro
10:26 macbook on the bed 10:27 disappeared 
lol she look so bored xD
Zeus couldnt talk but he knows that he was sending a message for help by blinking (morse code) smart Man.
Im just looking at the game play and u trash
You look like youre 25 and she 12pedo alert
Zeus? This guys name is Zeus? Jesus Christ his mum and dad need a slap lol
Riley Minard still think it just makes you sound like a complete knob, and your parents too lmfao
@melville836 1000x better than Matt, Jake, or Chad lmao
Riley Minard best name ever if youre a greek god or any god for that matter. Not if youre just a random guy lmao
Best name ever
2:18 "baby whats wrong" it seems like he was gonna cry or something lol
DESTROY HER EGO SQUADW
She's so sweet, I would've never had the heart to do this 
Oh my god yall remind me of me & my girl
I like how he ignored her for the first 30seconds and she assumed hes mad at her
she was so cute omg
Shes the best dancer Ive ever seen 
Prob the most annoying boner of his life
WTF I NEED A GIRLFRIEND LIKE THAT
Oh damn. Instant: are you mad at me? What did I do? Those are issues from childhood haha that's per phsychologists
Hahahhahahahah idiot
I feel like u got the best girlfriends in the world
And she is Funny
I think she turned into a cat
she looks 14
Her: Babe what did i do 
Him: *Crank* 90s
This guy sucks
Aww shes soo cute
This reminds me of my ex, I screwed up there...
If she pull down his pants then he will immediately stop ignoring her right?
I would probably fail at first 3 minutes,i mean look how cute she is
This video should be named My girlfriend gets crazy or what is it to have a girlfriend 
Lol,she's so funny and Super active too when she didn't get ur attention.How old is she...??
She's almost 20
Dioss, yo sera incapaz de hacer eso. No aguantara ni 5 min seguidos
One can only wish to have a girlfriend like this :D She's wayyy too awesome ! :D
Damn she's a keeper
24h is a stretch for this video though
God she's so cute.
You want me to read you my speech for public speech class lol me
11:06 
If i have a girlfriend like her i will not ignore her 
BROOO I WANT A GIRL LIKE HER!!!
You girl looks Soo babyish how cute face 
90% of comments come from single guys which felt in love with grace 
She looks like 12 
marry her
omg i was feeling so bad for that fantastik girl   good prank :)    marry her
It's kind of cool that she was chill about it. Most girlfriends would snap by 10 minutes of the prank, based on all the other prank vids I've seen at least!!
You seriously have the cutest girlfriend <3 <3 <3 she's def a keeper
My dog basically does this too when I ignore her
What is that position when she gets on computer?
This girl reminds me of me LOL ;U;
It's hard to watch this and you're single AF lol
She seems so sweet 
Holy crap she is hot as fuck, wth she doing with a mug like him. Damn girl you better upgrade.
Women = Children when not given attention
Geez. She looks like and behave like a child. Dude how old is she? 12?
@Fuxion yeah older "That" me.
Probably older that u
I think I couldn't ignore her for 10 seconds. 
Ohhh sweetest girlfriend ever
Bro! keep her for life! she's so cute and not other girl who gets mad at you for no fuckin reason.
I tried to ignore my gf once....now im single
I told my gf about this video and she just asked that isn't it just a normal Tuesday?
she is a keeper
Bruh I would of gave up when she started talking 
The headphones help a little bit, but most of us would fail.
Well man, do not try this on girls from the western Europe... NEVER... You would regret it for months and months and few years later it will return and kick you right in the face with full strength... Trust me, I have my experiences.
She got really nice feet
Wow, dude, she is awesome. I almost fell in love with her.shit :D
good acting both,Nobel prize acting...
he changed the angle so we couldnt watch him crank some 90s 
If she just started blowing him he couldn't ignore her
Ima be real whichu chief she looks like shes 14
This took a dark ending
@DaWaed lmao
thats what i was thinkinggg
Grace: "mMgLubGlughmblwghlghw!"
Zeus: *"Victory Royale!!!"*
If I did this to my "ex" GF cuz we just broke up this last November she will definitely get mad at me and leave lol
holy woman
Ilove watching fake videos like this one
Cute gf
It's scripted muddapakah 
I dont do tht
if it was a black girl, she'd smash your pad or the tv...........and grace is so adorable
OMG grace soooooo cute ...she is very small & cute 
She is really caring and having fun with him this is called love
aye no cap bro.....you have the best gf in tha wrld i'd kill fo a girl like that
10:09 rip laptop 10:30 oh 11:46 the laptop still alive .. 
R.I.P THE PHONE 15:09
I don't even have a girlfriend to ignore
She is so cute.
Your  so lucky  bro
I needs girl like her.... She's so cute
Wish all are the same
Look like a minor
She's so adorable OMG
ur gf adorable zesus u found the right girl
This is a legit ignoring 24 hours
Y is he dating a 16 yrs old chick?
Brown eyes look deeper on white people than blue eyes
when he didnt kiss her boo boo it got real
she is soo cute..u r really lucky brooo..whn i see this video i remeber the song she is crazy bt she is mine......
I will do this to my girlfriend
OH! I forgot i dont have a girl friend
How did he not collapse and just embrace her for that long lol
It's almost like she's his little sister
holy sht it's soddapoppins twin
Is this relationship even balanced? She actually acts like a child.
You judge their whole relationship on one video?
That's both sad and useful to know that girls  are so vulnerable to ignoring. it may come handy sometimes.
Watching this channel for the first time. Grace and Zeus, what beautiful names.
She's so adorable
I wouldnt even last a minute lying to her
what song on 6:00
Waifu material 
I don't now how he didn't laugh
Bro u got a very good gf and u
Everyone else talking bout how cute They R
Me:Focusing Him playing fortnite and gets a victory royale,Wth how can he gets it when his gf disturbing him lol
Yea it wouldve been hard trying to ignore her for 5 minutes. Shes too cute.
8 I mean sorry
U said prank 6 or 4 times
Im sorry but when she made it rain Papers she became so CUTE to me
Get naked no normal straight man can resist that. You should know that women naked is a man kryptonite. Or video games hard to decide.
Brazil 
3:23 I don't think he's lookin at ur face...
Poor girl hahaha so cute 
She looks like she is 12
staring contest!!! HA   you blinked *slaps chest* i win! lmao
super super sweet girl good luck 
Why tf u look like 16
How old are theyy?
It's would be akward if grace ignoring zeus back when she know that she got prank. Lol.
You said prank six times
2:20 if my girl doing that I lose, I can't do the prank anymore
Dude this poor girl lol all she's trying to do is figure out why her boyfriends "upset" lol
i need me a grace .
This dude looks 30. Amd she looks like she's 12 years old
She sounds 12 yeah
@Larry David 
12 year olds do not have booties like this.
shes like a lil kid when she try to get a candy from her parent
fake and gay and cringe as fuck
Wish I have a girlfriend like that.. dude you're so lucky to have someone like her.
It's really rare to find a girl like this, this man has to be one of the luckiest man in the world
Bulldozer errrrt reverse lol grace u are hallarious
wow. Shes a keeper
Your nice couple and the girl is beatiful
Bro how did u keep a straight face!!
where are the girls like that??? dont lose her mate
I would honestly lose the challenge first few words she say cuz she is adorable to ignore
I would have cracked, I cant keep a straight face for my life and she adorable like come on now
Dude shes kind of annoying if Im being honest. Like imagine actually being mad and shes just doing this the whole time
bro i wish i have someone like her, ma life so sad.
Avoid the trouble, work on yourself.
His name is Zeus? His parents must have been expecting great things from him.
@FerdDoesWeirdThingsInLife sorry im not referencing actual mithology, but in god of war 3 kratos (zeus son) kill him in the end of the game 
anjas dwinarta ?Zeus doesnt die... its Cronus, the father of Zeus that dies
Sadly he got killed by his own son
@Mike Appleget and his last name is "YEEZHUSS"
Middle name is probably YHWH
OMG shes so cute,bro,youre a damn lucky guy you know that 
It's really rare to find a girl like this, this man has to be one of the luckiest man in the world
I have the same buck caller oh and your girl is hella cute good job 
Omg she do yoga on you
How old are these people?
Is it just me or does she look super young
Nice girlfriend
yo this would actually be difficult XD
Dude I'm in love with your girlfriend 
3:23 wait a fucking minute
First timer on this channel. First impression: He's 30. She's 13.
Bruh fr She looks like a kid
Zues  is 18 and and grace Is 19
Brain quit acting big on the internet little boy
@Lavion  uh huh stfu
@Cupid but it never hurts to be informed
I like when she zips up his jacket and feels bad so unzips it like a second later lol
2:10 she say "what I yoooooo" 
I wish i could have a girl like her
Aww she doesnt deserve that
You did great on that 10 score
She has the patience of a god usually girls would be mad as sheet
I need a girl like this
She has a kind heart, I wish I had a girl like that
She is so amazing dude dont hurt that girl she loves you too much
I hate braces, my pubes get caught and it's irritating
I couldnt do that to someone, especially someone that is that loving to do anything to fix it
First thing she does are you ok please talk to me
Ree  are you mad at me nope couldnt do this
*When dog in human shape*
YouTube recommandation 
You're both very cute and damn that was Funny 
Sorry for my english I'm French
I wish you both more love and success, sorry couldn't watch the entire video and its your fault because I liked the music and will continue listening to the music
She a keeper
This is hug time
That's not cool such a prank. It's bad. I know it's a prank but nevertheless that's bad.
11:52 this is my favorite one lol i LMAO so funny, keep up dude with great videos
Best girl friend thatI ever seen  she is so funny 
I dont know why but this is so cute
if only my ex cared abt me this much
Omg she is so cute 
So sweet 
4:25 Top 5 Fatal Blow in MK11
I enjoy how you guys think this is real when she was talking to the same camera saying how she is being ignored like tf are you guys sped
Task Failed Successfully
When she screamed "Zeus" i remembered when Athena tried to stop Kratos from fighting Zeus in God of War
Bruh same weird
@Shoob Shoobster the screams
@Gavin's friend The gunshots...
@Gavin's friend The choppers...
The flashbacks
I can ignore myself for 24 hours
You're very luck man zeus
She reminded me of that shinigami deprived from apples in death note , laughed like hell 
I probably failed for the first 10 minutes if my girlfriend do that to me.. but sadly I don't have girlfriend
Man dont so it again.. she feels ..
Your girlfriend is cute over9000
2:15 I would of failed I cant let my girl think she did something wrong :(
Should have done it for 2 days actually
Holy fuck this is actually adorable lol
I want a gf like her.....
idk yall but Grace is fuckin adorable. Need me a gurl like her :P
7 Times u said prank
so cute I hope I get a gf like yours. haha
I also tried that to my girlfriend but then i started laughing because i realized i don't have one.
my condolences
Me rn
Rapunzel from tangled hit like
If i don't give her attention she'll be rubbing her cheeks on my cheeks...
Fellas, find yourself a woman like Grace!
From the jump I felt bad for her
She is so cute and nice hahaha hardest thing to do probably.
She's kind of crazy brooo....
She knows the camera is their. She kept pin pointing that she didnt see any cameras like 4 times and thats a sign that its fake.
If it's was my girl she would probably smash my game along with me.
Those are some manly women..
Sameee broooo
This is so mean, but she's so cute when she's concerned
Grace! You re awesome!
Bruh if my girlfriend started doing that I'd fucking loose it
So much love
Godblezzin' U!!!!
Her personality tho
How old?, just too adorable
What ive learned: Girls dont like this
This matches my girlfriend exactly
Jesus Christ dude, just marry her...
Sua namorada  muito fofa scr
If I do that my girlfriend would just put a thong on and be walking around super sexy so she can get my attention 
Happy to see couples like this !
Is she a cat
24 hours ok buddy
Bulldozer :D
Wish had that woman like that, bro ur sol lucky
Grace is so fk cute you have to be glad to have such a nice girlfriend
Dude, i'm so jealous of you. really. You have lucky to find Someone like she.
Poor chair!
This was staged
She really reminds me of Anna from Frozen  her personality  "everybody clap your hands" *claps feet
Omgg shes sooo cuteeee
She loves the hell out of you lol
Fav couple
Guy ignores girlfriend for 24h as a joke 
Girl breaks up
Your a lucky guy!!
A girlfriend are wholesome, beauty and nice...
She has dedication 18 minutes of trying to get his attention
you have the dedication of counting those minutes
The cutest thing I've seen on YT today 
I need a girlfriend like urs
Wait, let me get this straight, someone actually named their son Zeus?
I think its best name, when I can have name Zeus, I will take it
That sounds badass lmao
yeah why not, pretty good manly name though
I had the same question in mind bro...
My gf did just like this and later we fucked so passionately
Bruh this kid is in a mech!
Oh nooo... she was so cute to you in the beginning
This is something I'm gona try 
My girl wouldve been like ight fuck u then bye
mmm...feet
Whats that smell at 3:26
So cute
He should respond like yea whats up didnt hear you hahaha
Wow she's sooo cute and she loves him sooo much
To all the people who cannot try this prank, like here
You know what I mean.
Neo that no GF life lol
She said prank 25 times
Title of the song she play?
This right here is love
Quiero una novia asi
She made so much effort. I would feel bad after 10 minutes keeping the challenge alive
I facking need a girlfriend........
'You're not asleep...... Wake up'
I could never be able to ignore my girlfriend ever. It would be too hard for me.. Too hard
Lol she tapped him with her foot
Shes super cute
She's actually a total sweetie.
Definitely marry that one.
How old is she? She looks 15 or 16 but he looks like he's in his 20's at least. She isn't a minor is she? I would assume they're around the same age, but she looks very young.
and hace lots of babies
@Larry David time to sleep larry
Larry David okay Larry
Larry David lmao
im sorry but your gf would drive me nuts after 20 minutes of a conversation
i really wish i could get a gf like this
This reminds me of someone babysitting a hyper little kid lol
Why can't these innocent couple get millions of views and subs but Adi Fishman get millions of views and subs? Gonna shear this channel
Failed at 4:53
first of your guys vid and i am dying she is nuts in the best way lmao
Imagine ignoring your girl for gaystation, Can't relate.
She's so damn cute!
This is way too wholesome.
hai......
I've try this prank...
And my gf dumb me aready...
#she not grace enough.
I have done it all...I liked, Subscribed, Turned on the notification bell,  liked the photo on Instagram and commented DONE.
fucking so cute girl
Is he in Alabama?
Perdon pero que dise el titulo
Why is she not crying!!!! I mean its great but its weird  plz marry him
my girlfriend would be like... *Aight nigga ima head out*
how many girls can seeks an attention from their boyfriend if they get prank like that, mine will get in to a big fight in the first 30 minutes
Most girls get really really mad but she's having fun with it
Shes like Hello! Am I here! 
Chris Griffin: Im in invisible! 
On a serious note, I cant even pay for a girls attention. Yes Ive tried many times and have been denied service every time.
Damn.
Ah a good old fashion ignoring my girlfriend for 24hours prank not like other YouTubers pranks like committing a felony prank
He is so lucky that he got a girl like this cuz I'm lonely and watching this alone in the dark...
She's one of a kind, this man is so lucky to find someone like this
Same?
Wtf bruh! That's the worst feeling ever 
She has ADHD
Full pack girlfriend
1.) Beautiful
2.) Attractive
3.) Kind
4.) Cute
5.) Caring
6.) Good girlfriend
And now I'm jealous lmao
She's like a 12 y/o with ADHS lmao.
She's almost 20 :)
ok well she looks like a 12 y/o lmao
its strange watching people turn into like, actual animals when they are starved for attention
It's strange? Imagine devoting your life to someone then being completely ignored lmao. Actually stupid shit.
@Sr impossible LMAO what the where did that even come from
I think you need some Lol
Go fuck yourself in nihilism world
First video I have watched and I like them both specially the girl she amazing 
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
If I was him I was going to laugh so hard haha
Zeus is the luckiest man in the world.
I hate her voice other wise I would be able to watch this video
vid is cool but uhhh man hes playing fortnite why god why
A girlfriend like that is so sweet
I once ignore my gf 48 hours and its not even a prank
Hahhaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
24 HOURS PRANK aka. 30 minutes just for a video
Was not bad
bro my name is tanner
5:22 Googles 
My boyfriend broke.
lmao this video and relationship is so cute & wholesome.
Damn... that girl is cheerful being ignored..
If thats in the philippines, they would wack  the crap out of us 
I do this prank everyday cause Im single
your girlfriend is very energetic
Now I want to kill myself
Is your name Zeus for real? I mean how cool is your name man!
Yep....that is his real name :)
Pobrecita, me di pena
your gf is so small
Drum on the butt 
I so single.. 
THE LAPTOP IS INNOCENTTTT, PLEASE DONT HURT THE MACBOOK, MACKYYYYY noooo, you guys are crushing mackyyyyy
she was so cute..
You have the best girlfriend
She's Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Cute !!!
grace is such a little baby! i love it! <333
Not cool dude
Team Grace sry team brace
I can't egnore anyone idk why
She is the most cute and gorgeous girl ever she is an angel he is really lucky
She is one of the most cute kind and gorgeous girl I ever seen ever I will marry her instantly
7min58
-Everybody clap's your hand
-Euhhhh yeah...ok,  that was your feet not your hand...
Omg lol this girl is 100% marriage material.
I wish i had half her energy.. Kudos to grace for not giving up or getting angry..
I tried this with my gf she instead ignore me back and its been a year now , 1 year challenge??
Khep2 mai a
Wtff dude
Playing fortnite on a tv...
She so cute
This is why i want a gf
4:13 why she talking in third person
She's a keeper. Your dumb ass better not lose her  
Anyone else get pissed he was in a mech?
The girl is definitely not a feminist.
Shes special, dont ever lose her.
@Glaithius lmao I died
Dont tell him what to do with his life man.
@Glaithius haha, nice 
@Bobby Guan that was not toxic actually ure toxic
Hmmmm so sweet
Ur girlfriend is a such sweetheart she remind me like my girlfriend great couple u guys , Ill subscribe rn
Man!  Your very lucky having this kind of girl in your life!
esa si esta loca
THIS WAS TOO CUTE FO BE TRUE OMGGGGGFFGG AHHHH
Shes so sweet
Love when she play with you...
I wished my girl did the same
Day 333 , girls still dont even think exist
6:11 dont u dare get in that mech......god damnit
SHE IS SOOOOOOO CUTE
When you stop petting your dog for 2 seconds
*This is how manny times she say what wrong?!!!  Hug my channel *
Rip laptop
Hahahahah Shes sooooo Cute hahahahaha
17:03 LOL 
Ok why is she so freaking CUTE! 
Dude she was so nice
Your girlfriend is really pretty
Let's talk about how hes a GOD. At fortnite being distracted like that hes literally GOATED
If I did that my girl were go crazy 
She sounds so innocent 
Hold on were not gonna ignore the elephant in the room; was he using a god damn mech in fortnite?
Shes worst than my cat oh my god
Can we play come fortnite sometime man
IS ANYONE NOT IMPRESSED BY HIM GETTING A VICTORY ROYALE WITH HER DISTRACTING HIM!!!!! 
                           WTF
Blue love you betiful
Nobody:
Grace: claps on the butt......
               (Whoooohuuuuuuuuu)
Awww cmon dude I was gonna listen to her speech.
Ugh I'm lonely lol.
4 minutes in, I would of broke... Truest, never had woman try like that before... Ever.
Im pretty sure shes 12
Wish all girlfriends are like her...
She must be protected.  Lol
hahahahah funny
She got such a f'ing long patience  LuL.  So amazing :)
Felt so bad for her the entire time xD
5:50 song name
What nationality are use 
I would say Russian?
Hahaha lol i love the way that this girl continues happy and trying to get attention
dude that was just mean,,,lol if she was my GF i would have had a hard time ignoring her,,,lol
You both are so cute I love you both
Thats cute though
How the hell did you not laugh? 
Grace is soo cute
Why does his girlfriend look so young? She looks more like his daughter...
Thats some magic right there
She's actually older than him.
Am a laughing evry second
this is FAKE 
i sure this is FAKE
None of my girlfriends have EVER said no youre not gunna play games youre gunna spend time with meee! Omg 
Duuuude  when she was trying to get his attention and was like baby whats wrong I love you whats wrong? Omgggg if i had a gf like that i could never ignore her id feel so bad 
Lol My girlfriend would of just gotten mad and left, after a few minutes shes literally climbing on him
My gf would have done that shit then took the power cord
Dude your girlfriend is cute
haha so first things first. You laughed SEVERAL times. So you technically didn't ignore her for 24 hours. It's a success because I basically watched you guys have sex for 20 minutes with your clothes on. If a girl flicks your man boobs and sticks her hand up your butt while you are ignoring her for an entire day then its pretty much ment to be. If my future wife does this then ill know its time to buy a ring. I didn't know women were capable of lasting more than 5 minutes. The fact that she lovingly continued to play with you and love on you for an entire day while you ignored her speaks bounds. If someone asks me how do you know if she's the one, ill link this video. So simple. A very dangerous test but a simple one. Ignoring your gf is almost as bad as calling another girls name out while you sleep.
It made me feel bad she immediately went to asking what's wrong
10:08 GIVE ME THAT MACBOOK! bruh
My girl would have told me to go f#%k myself as she is walking away this girl is a cutie pie and so full of energy
Females are so damn cute and adorable when we men decide to ignore'em just for a day.
That energy tho 
Wouldnt life be so much easier if girls had this energy all the time ??
Wish I had a girl like that lol. OMG
Everybody clap your hands had me dying!!!!!!
Hensem doh lelaki ni badan pun nampak tegak..taste aku ni nampak sedap 
I watch this knowing Im going to be jealous.
13:08 what every man has said to their woman at least once.
Im jealous, not why he has a girlfriend But that shes such a dream girl, like personality, i want one like that aswell
Maybe if you spent less time watching and commenting on youtube
Hello there
Hello there!
Hello there
mine left me 3 days ago before we made it to 15 months...
well i guess she found someone better...
i hope now she is happy without me
tbh i miss her a lot...
She look 12 and this dude look at least 29
My girl would have slapped me about 10 seconds in...
I feel that
Fortnite is trash, play CS
This guy gives me the creeps. Dating a 11 year old girl is disgusting.
Grace is almost 20 and zeus just turned 19 yesterday.
Wats the name of the song she played
Where do I find a girl like this??
I gonna lick your foot 
When he kissed his thigh he moved so fast
Bro you have a dope ass girlfriend bro
this man has gotta be at least 18 his girl looks 16 at most kinda weird
Grace is almost 20 and zeus just turned 19 yesterday
I think its cute how even though hes ignoring her he makes sure she doesnt fall then keeps playing 
I laughed so hard when she said "you were fine last night" 
holy shit she is cute as hell. i need a girl like this in my life. maybe some day i guess.
This entire video would've been different is she was a Latina!  Straight up haha
Grace: *trying to do a back bend* This is difficult, your body's to wiggly
Bro... she cheating on you
Starring contest go hahahaha that cracked me up right there
Wow hahaha, well Zeus, Grace is beyond beautiful, sweet and cute. U better put a ring on it, and make sure u never lose her. 24 hours....if Grace was my girlfriend, i would not be able to do it man honestly. Big respect to Zeus for being able to pull it off. I will def like and subscribe.
Literally the cutest thing ever at 11:24 when he leaves shes says no in the most innocent way
Talking won't get a guys attention.
I think she's fakeing it
She is kinda reminding me of marble
My ex would have lost her shit in 5 minutes.
Man are you crazy to prank grace that way she is really cute ...marry her 
Lol weak I'm ignoring my girlfriend for 18 years. 
But the thing is "SHE'S ALSO IGNORING ME THIS WHOLE TIME"
So sweet 
Dude you're lucky you have amazing girl
She is acting weirdo but she is an angel 
This reminds me of my husky...when i don't take her out to exercise.
this girl is creative
Your gf look like 12 no hate
She's almost 20
How can he do this DAMN!
I couldn't do it, i would laugh midway, i was already laughing hard at 2:31.
(And for some reason since she didn't rage like crazy it made me sad xD Still Funny as Hell!!)
Only boys ignore there women . Joke of not . That's the difference between men and boys ....a man has much much better things to do with his women then ignore her.
ok thats  mean
Plss make youre videos downloadable
I have done this prank and realized Im single hmm
Don't do such thing live
Aww shes so cutee
She sat on him!!!
I must be a professional, I been doing this for 20 years. #Singlelifebitch 
7.58 chacha song such a cutieeee couple 
Title song please
If i did this ....my girlfriend will start crying in 10 mins..
Anurag Rawat Awwwww  i hope i find a girlfriend whos that sweet and innocent
7:51 so cute love this moment forever
If your single dont watch this
I dont know whats worse the fact that his name is Zeus or that puka shell necklace
Themandan52 zues is a bad ass name
Funniest gf I've ever seen....XD
Dude, you got a good girlfriend.
Am I the only who noticed she turned off the ps4 for him after he stopped playing
That was so adorable 
7 times
Omg she's so sweet. I would have melted in the first few second.
She did everything but grab his phone
Dude your gf is so fucking cute!!! You're so lucky, my best regards to you and your gf 
My gf would have burned the house down with me in it by the  4 minute mark.
You little bastard, put the camera there on purpose to have fun at night 
I sub bcuz of her
She's a keeper
So ccuuttee!! Also what was that song
Whoever likes this comment is gay:)
*Zeus
@Kae M exactly what I was gonna comment
@Rakshit there should be a comma. "Jesus" is only used as a exclamation.
lol grace is the little kid and Zeus is the annoyed parent xD
First video I've ever seen of you guys. Your GF is so wholesome. I couldn't handle the first minute of you ignoring her. 
Oh your getting a call *holds up foot to his face* oh hes not available, my life but no boyfriend
You're cuter than that Girl
3:06 I DIED
What editing software do you use for your intro?
You guys should come. Out with GZ merch
Now this is quality content.
bruh at the moment she said i love you i would loose so ez XD
See boys, if you don't give them attention, they give you attention
I feel bad for your girlfriend
zeus says nothing
grace intertaning herself
Girls you should be like Grace
She's so goofy. I love it 
If this is my gf and she said i love you like that i will lose
She really really love him.. This is love
You own sweeties gf bro
She yelled at him like a dog
3:21 .... daaaaaaaaaaaayum ... i could not ignore that...
Not my proudest fap but
Some butt angle there like from porn, that's what my friend said lol
Why the fuck he lai down on laptop!?
She is cute...  Try taking attention to boyfriend....  I wish i have girlfriend like that hahah haha...
Aww you guys are sooo cute 
Who else watching these type of video because you dont have a GF or a BF......
Why is she so cuteee damnn
A girlfriend like this please lol
You had a cute gf she's like a kid
Shes 16 years old ?
She's almost 20 :)
She wanted some and the guy was ignoring her 
Why do i feel bad?
Zeus is an amazing name. And I thought you were gonna laugh when you drank that water.
7:15 every men dream.
I was watching Fortnite the whole time
Best entertainer for zeus
Good prank
7:45 she said playing fortnite with our step...brother?
Pleaseee god,just give 1 gf like thiss
7:37 omg she gave you a call out 
She's a keeper
I see the name of your channel ... i click subscribe
Life goal find someone like grace
 am going to lick your foot bang!!!!! Omg 
Grace's sense of humor is hilarious! In one single video she went through every distraction in existence (short of non-family friendly things :P). 
Literally 15 minutes of her goofing around and trying to distract him, so entertaining, adorable, cute, and honestly impressive!
What a lovely couple you both are.
Man you cannot loose this woman. She loves you more no doubt
Seriously, tons of people might have told you. You both are really in love with each other. 
God bless you both.
This is the most amazing reaction of girl being a victim of ignoring 24 hours challenge. :) She did not give up. :)
Swear chicks like my 3 year old daughter
Grace is so cute
Shes so awesome and i wish I had a gurl like this 
A womans weakness
She's very cute and adorable 
How the hell do you have your baby sister as your girlfriend? I mean your girlfriend as your baby sister... !!
Shhes just habing fun 
shes the type u cant get mad at even if you are really mad lol
I tried this too
Now I am single
Oh my god, this man is a hero! what a beautiful princess-girlfriend, I wouldn't have resisted even 1 minute, I would have hugged her and kissed her everywhere
Really tired of the clickbait prank video's.
Lmfao
Dude learn me how to keep your face so straight and don't laugh i would have laughed so many times and your girlfriend is so cute wish al girls where like her
A whole ass staring contest 
I mean this is my first video I watched of theres and this is weird causes shes like 10
She's almost 20.
Men go crazy over all the talking women do... Women go crazy over all the talking men dont do :D
for someone that is single as me...
this video is forbidden
Zeus!!!love me
10:12 NOOO, that laptopp
You a lucky guy to her
Poor laptop !
So cute girl
Bruh if I done this on my girl and slapped my butt it would been over I would of left
This is like my little sis trying to make me laugh 
But nope that wont work for me for the10th time
Because i know she wants me to buy her something online lol 
Waou 
your gf so cute
Nice vid
AT first i thought she's your daughter 
sorry
When she said, " babe what's wrong, you were fine last night". I was like hold up wait a minute.
I need a girl in my life who fights for my attention like this
Xio Xuan thats not true
@ENZOxDV1 better than a girlfriend that doesnt give a shit and emotionally breaks you down, speaking from experience
Yep .. its hard to get one
i hope you find her bro...hahah
I need a girl like her it's women like that who can make me smile even when I'm having a bad day.
How in the hell did he keep a straight face?
COMEL GILA YA ALLAH
Lol I'm gonna try this prank
Oh wait... I need a girlfriend for that..
Fbi agent : i can't help you on this one fam sorry
@AG Baits I would say so
Is this a BRUH moment for all boys?
@Luk Koka this comments in the comments needs a lot more likes
atleast you already can set up the camera
you look Annie Leblanc..Annie Leblanc must be looking she'll look like you when she gets older <3
awee that's so cute you act like a 5 year old wanting kissing <3 that's literally the cutest thing ever in couple relationship's and how you went on top of Zues, that's pure love!!!!!
I want a girl like this girl
For the first time in my life i wanted to steal a girl that belongs to another man... sorry mate she's so damn cute...
I dont think I can ever ignore such a WHOLESOME female like Grace
aw she is adorable
She"s an angel
I hope i can find a girl like this one day
@ENZOxDV1 same asf
Hope most of you guys find a girl in general
Gud luck buddy
GudGudComedy  
See and tell me 
https://youtu.be/5B-4vyX2yl0
@ENZOxDV1 It definitely helps if you're attractive, but if you think that's all it takes, you're a complete moron.
Bro you have cutie and caring GF don't lose her 
10:38
Gotcha with her twerk
Some random guy fucks grace Zeus still ignores her
Women have been doing this to men for eternity haha
Haha fucking cute i hope my gf is annoying and cute too at the same time but she's only annoying
Sana all
I wanna be a part of your give away  !!
me as a girlfriend  
I love you guyyysss !! 
she is beoutiful (my inglish is very bad)   i want a girlfriend like she
She is really cute your lucky guy
Balls of steel..
10:16 poor laptop
Damn how cute
She's so innocent,  I feel bad. Zeus though he's really trying to hang in there. Hahahahaha this is great I should do this to my girlfriend some day.
Real gamers don't need girlfriends. 
*Cries in corner*
@Mahad Macow based on experience guys
And guys thats how u lose ur girlfriend 
Dudes name rlly Zeus? Cool
no one: 
grace: *recites her speech 
Grace, is the most wholesome and perfect girlfriend you can get
Wish I had a girl like that
Trying to be like this
Grace Is the cutest person in the world  Babe whats wrong? Her voice is SO CUTEEEEE
Such a baby girl want attention.girl a baby.
This is why I watch them cause shes having  So much fun and this is just so wholesome and cute
15:21..well tats a master plan
tats xctly da girl i want....u lucky man!!!othr videos would b lik...da girl cries easily....XD but shes tried..
She's so cute HAHAHAHA
casually plays fortnite
Hallo saya dari indonesia
Ada yang sama?? 
Mereka romantis banget 
Ohhhh she tries so hard 
Ohhhh she tried so hard 
#teamgrace which are u
First time seeing this guy and i thought he's Neymar
That guy is sooo patient dude. LIT
5:34 title song please
She's just so pure I wouldn't able to keep up the prank after the "what did I do?" 
You guys look good newsub here
Is that your lil sister lol
if i was him i would laugh instantly
I find like this girl
Wow so nice girl 
I always come back to this video lmao so cute
I swear to God girls are crazy
"Zeus love meee"
Bro you both look so cute bro 
she's crazy dude
12:35 She was exhausted . Zeus love me makes me laugh so hard.
You two are sweet!
@10:30, it looked like zeus crushed their laptop
I first watch from haryana but cute & lovely video
Omg shes so adorable I cant 
So cute. Lol
I would have laughted, idk how he did it... love u guys
My mans a fucking trooper
Shes so cute tryna get his attention
10:54
Anyone know what song was playing
Perfect girl for u never leave her  she is sweet, cute and adorable 
2021 anyone? 
new sub
Subscribed and gave it a big thumbs up and now i am gonna heat up and follow both of you  btw i am neeew and already obsessed
The giveaways are soo coool
I am new and i already am obsessed  soooo cuteee
How old is she? She sounds 12 lol
This is really mean
omg yall r so adorable!!
Childish GF i like her
Never play that kinda prank on her again. its unbearable.
I want a gf like her. Awww
When she sang I believe I can fly it killed me 
When you look at her reaction, you see its def real
She is so adorable she act as a 12 years old child  I can't stop laughing
Why for some reason her behavior reminds me of hannah from frozen.  Lol.
I need a man like her who just wants my attention and to love me and touch me :(
so Cutemissing Mah Babe
That's so me _if I wasn't single and people actually liked me_
She's a spider monkey
I did everything but Instagram bcuz I dont have it
Omg she is so pretty
She is weird
Wtf I thought his gf was little girl
Dude . You hot , your girl cute . You guys lucky . Get marry asap .
You guys look like ana and elsa
Zeus got grace good
I believe I can fly part killed me 
I thought she was ur daughter
Why do I have a feeling that she's too young to have a boyfriend.
shes 19
she is so funny, i love her, the best girlfriend <3
Great couples i ever seen on YouTube have great day guys
True sport grace kept going and was so confident that she will get his attention lol
new subscriber I love you so I can always follow you please give me a little help to live
24 hours?!
More like 20 minutes before and 1 minute after basketball... So 21 Jump Street
She is my dreamgirl..I will takecare of her like a puppy!! Can you give me your girlfriend? 
Shes the most adorable girlfriend ive seen
I love it how she doesnt stop she keeps going until the video is over. Also TEAM Zeus. You da man
how its like when I talk to my crush
The songs name pless
He is probably used to her using him as a jungle gym 
When she said I am gonna put my foot in your face and pick your nose I about died just how she said it 
You guys are so cute together
Grace acting like a housecat...send help...
5:07 me asf
Whoa your name is Zeus what???!!! Thats a cool name son.
Also those pillow cases are really gross!
Omg you guys are so cute love you guys
Owe...
She tries thousand things to make you happy!
You guys are awesome 
13:12 Yoga 
She acts like a 12 year old....so sweet
She is so cute, your a lucky guy tbh
while zeus ignores her, i wish i have a gf like grace :(
Hello
This the best funny prank i see ever
Why did I just imagine Grace as Anna from Frozen? Like:
"Zeus, do you want to build a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman..."
I want girlfriend like her......she sooo soo cute
Tell the name of the song that music was playing on the background of your video.. plz plz tell 
Nd ur video was soo cute.. love u guyss & i m new subscriber in your video.
Grace is so cute she is so funny I need someone like here 
Youre girlfriend is soooo cute   she behaves like a child 
I need Girlfriend like this dam
I think grace is gonna win
Shes the cutest
Grace make this day as so fun...
6:00-6:34 anyone know the song name?
I need to find a gf like that.
4:28 that was cute
This should be called  pissing my boyfriend off for 24 hours 
This is so cute I cant
During Graces clip she said prank 7 times lol
She enjoying more than you bro
You are such a cute couple 
Lol grace is like little Anna on frozen. Its so funny and cute.
This is wat u call true love, she really loves him
Lmao!! so funny!!!
Her: hah you blinked I win *hits him lightly* thats funny
*slams elbow*
Grace: you hurt me! KISS IT! 
 I died
She looks like shes 17
When she went ima eat ur foot I went
She really loves U 
Whats up with girls and messing with guys nipples ? Lol my girl friend does it all the time to get my attention drives me nuts !!
This is so funny
Ur girlfriend is a 7 year old in a older body 
Shes so cute haha
The problems of having a 12 year old girlfriend.
She has so much more patience than me
Is it just me, or does Grace look like a high schooler
She so young i think 14
I like thumbnail.  
i dont have insta
Grace is so funny when she is trying to get Zeus's attention  I could not stop laughing
Omg this is the type of relationship I want
Dude got a Victory Royale even after her distracting him. 
LEGEND 
Great relationship great content and funny vids 
This came in my recommendations thanks YouTube
I have to subscribe because that was fucking cuteeee
Youre literally the cutest couple Ive ever seen.
First video I've seen of you guys and I'm subscribing.
Prank=6
I love it when she says she can fly.
Please tell me the title of that song
How she so calm
Zeus is just sitting there and grace just proceeds to use him as a jungle gym lmao 
where do i buy this product lol
Hi fucker
Your girl friend is very sweet and lovely. And love you lots. Care her.
Grace: ZEUS, what have I done to deserve this
Zeus:
Grace:NOTHING 
Man she climbed on him
Thats a WIFE right there bro, u lucky asf
No one: 
Not a single dang soul:
Grace:....BULLDOZER ARUGHHHHHH.... ARUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
ZEUS UR LUCKY , YOU HAVE THAT PRETTY BAYe
U make a good couple and  grace is sooo pretty
She's so cute 
Shes so innocent
This is so funny nice vid man lol
I applaud her for trying to make the situation fun and not automatically going into mad defense mode
"I'm gonna choke you out"
When she said ZUES love me! I freaking dieddd
she is so cuteee..U are lucky to have her
Mine one will directly *Plug-off* my *PS4* ! lol
She is so cute I cant OMG
You have so a sweet girlfriend! I hope for you she love you forever.
your girlfriend has to be the most hyper,funny ,cute and hella fun girl ...god I am in love with her
My girlfriend is exactly the same when I don't give her attention on purpose to see her reaction and it's actually adorable how long she'll just sit there and stare or poke me until I break, you guys remind us alot of ourselves
She's so funny Grace is having fun in her own gymnastic on top of her boo 
12:48 was funny I bElieVe I cAn FLy!
Grace: Staring contest go
Zeus: gr hr
Grace: Ha! You blinked I win!
Zeus: gr hr
Grace: (Pats him) Haha its funny..
WhAtS WrOnG!!!
Well here human named after god ZEUS got a girlfriend, who is human but has got goddess like eyes.
Grace is such a person that altough her bf ignoring him, but she still happy i think 
She was so cute when she trying to got Zeus's attention.
lmao why is Grace me whenever my husband is playing games? 
Aww I felt so bad
She reminds me of Elsa doesnt she??
 7:59 
*I believe I can fly*
1 thing I hate when people do is they ask the question over and over again 
I feel bad for her
I swear we dont realize how much attention we need and get till we watch one of these videos there the cutest
10:51 was so cute
She's acting like such a kid its so cute
Lem Manalo ahhh financial problems I get you bro shits tough af but soon itll end
@King Rockitcool I'm actually not lacking in the romance department, especially in my past. Just that I'm not quite ready yet for it to happen because of financial situation. I need to up my family before my love life. There's a key for every lock out there. You'll find someone too! Let us not sell ourselves too short.
Lem Manalo its ok man youll find someone unlike me :(
@UnKnOwN wuuuutt???!!! Im here sitting on my almost 22y old ass, and these guys look more adult than me! I thought for sure they were like 23 or 25
@Noor Hidayat both are 19
I loved when she acts so caring toward Zeus and not like screaming at him.
All that cheer stuff really comes in handy for us cheerleaders at so.e point lol
If you guys break up its gonna be the saddest breakup ever
Its so cute how she trys to cheer him up tho 
I love how grace casually walks and does gymnastics on Zeus like hes a playground 
Grace: falls off of Zeus thighs
Also grace: gets up with no hesitation 
Love your channel so much 
They are such a cute couple
Zeus.. WAKE UP
*hits with pillow* 
HELLOO
Atleast she didn't get  mad at him like I would have 
She s so adorable
When she clapped with her feet i laughed so hard
I think it's the first time I comment in a prank video but I have to say this...
Grace, you are so full of love, energy and happiness that is practically impossible to not like and love you for being, quite simply, the greatest pranking girl in all the internet, you are amazing and I really enjoyed all the things you did to get Zeus' attention, without getting angry, not even once
Zeus, protect her, at all costs, Grace must be protected from harm and be loved every single day
Grace is one of a kind and Unique, cherish her please
Also... how did she have so much energy to try and get his attention I wouldve said fuck it!
Haha hits her head on the fan on the roof
Zues: *sits there*
Grace: entertaining herself
Grace had me dying the whole time....
Imagine being in college and wearing a size 13 shoe, MENS size 13 shoe
Imagine if the chair just snapped and he fell lmao Im not trying to be mean but it would be funny
Grace is so adorable
This video was so funny I'm TEAM:GRACE.and grace u are so pretty
Be careful Zues. Grace is dangerous, #teamzeus
I cant imagine how hard this would be
Can't unterstand, why he's not laughing  I would've died
That shit would have had me dead
yeah for real
@Ajuba Sor but I would be dying.  This stuff is so funny!
Cuz its a prank
She said prank(s) 16 times
I could notttt do this. One I couldnt keep a straight face and two shes so adorbs w the I love you. What did I do?
i wonder how long she wad trying to get his attention 4
dang she kept her cool for  a while
i know this is just a prank but if my girlfriend isnt this annoying when we together then i dont want her and she belong to the streets
How come at 12:36 Grace reminds me of Anna from frozen when shes like the sun is awake so Im awake
I like your Name Zeus and im Poseidon
The worst thing about ignoring you got put up with them getting annoyed there's some girls that get annoyed
Turning the game off works 44 percent of the chance as long as y block it only then he'll get annoyed
I appreciate clam girls like that I wouldn't take the the screaming and juststop
Staring contest go grace 2019
you have i know im awsome intro song
TEAM ZEUS!! FROM PHILIPPINES 
Sorry if I should weird or rude but yall sound young.
Dang bro, why grace so fricking cute
I hate when girls say baby like bru I aint no baby
Intro dope man
Bro he is cracked on the sticks
This low key funny
yowww... that was cutee ^^ ><
I love childish girls they are cute haha
2:00 its like they switched roles arent the guys supposed to ask those things love you guys btw
She looks like Annie Leblanc
8:23 | Allow me to quote the subtitles. 88 fucking unicorn 75. 
Sounds legit.
Just shut off his PC and then see the reaction .
Ohhh god!! She is sooo cute
I was literally watching him playing Fortnite the whole time
It was so fun when she said her speech
Shes like a little kid Im  deadddddd
Omg you guys are so cute together 
Shes so dam cute
You guys are so cute together
Finally I found a video that doesn't lie. Like other videos like this.. Thank u
Wtf was she doing
Wife material !!!!!
When grace said you blinked I win... haha thats funny this whole video is hilarious
This mans was using the mech
*When she started playing lemonade crunchy ice with his chest. I giggled*
Bro grace is such a cutie
Grace is so adorable omg
Shes so cute
SHES SO FUNNY, IF IM HER BF I WOULD NEVER GONNA LEAVE HER
I think there lying tho I feel like she new its suspicious
this is literally me anytime my bf ignores me lol. glad to know im not the only one who acts like this
So...my bf decided this was a good idea...(we live long distance) I got suspicious and I thought he was cheating. I drove 2 hours to his house and he was just ignoring me  I spent the next few nights at his house sence I was already there
Oh hes 62 I thought he was 7 foot my dad is 68
Hey Zeus, you got the best Girlfriend in the world
I dont know how he can keep a straight face 
You guys are such a cute couple!
This girl is giving me the biggest UwU of my life she so cute
I am so gay for grace lol
If i do this to my girlfriend 
Shed molest me 
Thanks for the idea 
"I love you, what's wrong?" Omg that was so freaking cute!! 
Bro idk how u couldnt laugh she was having fun by herself
"Everybody clap your hands"
OMGGG SURFACESSSSSS
Awh its so cute awwwwwwwwwww
A minute of silence for zeus back
Why do the girls always come to the sense of something is wrong idk y
Diet Coke oh
Because if men are angry or upset they'll shut out everyone and women can normally sense that if they are a partner or sibling easier than acquaintances can.
Cute girl supper hyper  I like it I love you...  I'm from 
I love how she has so much fun if i were him i couldnt hold it in i would die of laughter she litterally stands on him liktle hontey yasss
That's one energetic female dude .
nigga was playing team rumble thats why he didnt geek over her blocking the screen
she lowkey looks and acts like annie leblanc
she looks 16 he looks 25
This is her being relationship goals and he cant help to love her even if he is ignoring her lol
IF YOU DON'T AGREE THAT THIS IS RELATIONSHIP GOALS...... I'LL KILL YOU. The way she says 'babe' and 'baby' is the cutest and their relationship is EVERYTHING.
She is soooo cute!!
I have never seen such a cute couple
If I was here do what my gf did to me when to rmtried doing this blow in my mouth I laughed and said it was a prank
Im just like 
TURN THE DAMN FORTNITE OFF
my mum: SHUT UP!!
Me: oops
What's the song name pls and love u guys so much grace looks like Judy hoops idk why 
pg-13 kamasutra
3:36 i want that right there. SOOO bad bro lmao. Thats cute asf
is she 16 ?
youtube:how many ads do you want
grace and zues: yes
She is the funniest and cutest person Ive ever seen I love her
i love grace
I Need That Kind Of Energy 
I watched the whole video and Grace is actually having fun lol best part for 7:58
Aye at least he got the dub
Hahahaha grace is funny
Nobody:
Grace: I bElIvE i CaN fLy
"You're not asleep, wake up"
The gum was to help contain laughter
aww this was cute af, love u grace u were so funny
Owww, she is si cute
You are so sweet with him Grace!
Theyre so cute, its my definition of couple goals and she is being ignored but acts so adorable 
Her reaction is so cute! Your so lucky to have her!
bro i didnt get the notification for this video and im soooo mad this video is so cute 
Zeus a mech I lost respect for you #teamgrace
The is such a cutie sweetheart
She is such a cutie. Don't do that again.
10:22 R.I.P. Laptop...(in mourning rn)
I'm unsubscribing cause he used the mech
I dont have insta 
SiX tWOooO...sIZe ThIRteeN ShOEeeEeE!!!
Ahaha. I died
Love the way how grace is just casually having fun with zeus and zeus is so calm and sweet
u guys are literally the most perfect couple everawww my hearttt
She is like a small children idk what i think about this because how old is she?? Wjy she speak like a baby and why she do like that too? but its soo cute how much fun she allready had..
8 times that u said it. 
*aw grace was so pure and adorable when she was just playing around and messing with zeus*
These type of girlfriends are rare af
I wish I could win 10 dollars for every whats wrong Grace said
Intro name?
Grace:zeaus love me
Zeaus:absolute silence
New subscriber. 
17:36  the first thing i say to my family in the mornings....
this is how many x she sed 'prank'
        
i wanna see how many dislikes this comment can get *probz nothing*
This is how many times she sed 'prank'
      
8:12 I love how shes just chillin on his lap and hes going with it like THATS HOW IM TRYNA BE WITH SOMEONE
You guys have the weirdest relationship ever. AND I LOVE IT
bro shes so cute omg
This is so funny lol 
Omggg good this girl deserves an oscat is such a seewthart
omg you guys are literally the cutest ever ! 
zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad who were u talkin too
This is so cute!
what a girl does if she doesnt get attention, grace youre so cuteee
Done!! 
Lol  way to go not giving up bothering him Grace lol
I love it how she laughs and then right after that she goes back to asking what's wrong 
Shes so chilllllllll if it was me I would be pissed from the first 10s and I love how she assumed that she did something wrong and she was so chill and funny
Zeus wanna play fortnite 
Never seen something more wholesome.
#TEAMZEUS
she acts like a 5 year old that wants candy and its a really cute reaction
Shes soooo cute
Shes so cute
i kept rewatching the part where grace hurt her elbow im dying
aweeeee she sat on his shoulders and stood on him i cant 
Favorite Video ever
She's lovely!
18:40 doesn't Grace look like Annie Leblanc ?? like before Annie died her hair idk nvm, bye
she was having fun 
Fukn stupid idiotic Morons. This is the sh^t that comes outta Indiana!
That blanket look comfy asf
you guys are so cute I cant
YESSSS FIRST REVENGE PRANK! LOVE IT! BRING IT ON! WOOHOO HAHAHAHHAHA
this called me single in every single language
My face actually hurts from watching all ur videos and smiling :)
You're on ABC news AHHH!!!
Grace is the sweetest egg
grace is so flIPPING CUTE OML
Grace~ "First you ignore me, then u hurt me and DoN't KiSs It!!!!"     Oml I'm dieing!
Why cant all girls be like this
DONE!
Yall were on TV  
Your on TV!!!!! ABC channel on Right This Minute!! Congrats guys!!
grace : *sits in front of the tv* "the graphics from this angle are amazing" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is cute and hilarious  
They are so cute together  
SHE STOOD ON HIM AND I ABOUT LOST IT 
LMAOOOO 
'Zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad, hed talk to me' she knew what was happenin
Awww Grace is so cute trying to get his attention
I believe I can flyXD
She would annoy the shit out of me, I would be like fine be like that and fuck of somewhere else.
So I did a lil editing and I slowed the clip down of her reciting her speech and lemme just say.....it was beautiful 
is she 13 or 14???????
If my boyfriend did this Id start crying
Zeus love me! Legit what i say every time I watch this amazing Chanel 
She was so cute!!! I felt so bad 
Shes still so sweet tho! I would be throwing hands 
So cute!!! Omg Grace its so cuteee
She is so cute and adorable and funny i loved how she was doing all kind of weird stuff...  Wish I had a girl half as good as her... Just half as fully pretty and adorable
What was the song name at 6:00
you cant lie and say they arent the cutest couple i mean come on this is true lovd
IDK how u keep a straight face when shes being cute and funny w u I would die of laughter hahahahaha
Hahah Grace hit her head on the fan love you to so so much!! You guys are sooo cute
I bEliEvE i CaN fLy
12:36
"The sky's awake and Im awake so we have to play"
It remined me of that
I was just thinking of that
*blows on tube thing* 
*plays song and dances*
*balances on his knees and uses him as a jungle gym*
*hits head on fan*
EVERYBODY CLAP YOUR HANDS!!! *slap slap slap slap slaps feet*
*sits on him* 
Kiss my elbow first you ignore me then hurt me and you dont kiss it
*recites speech*
Is this hug time *hugs*
*plays drums on his butt* 
*dances and sings while standing on his back*
*taps his head with her foot*
ZEUSSS LOVE ME
*sighs dramatically while rolling backwards on his back*
*slaps his butt*
BATMAN *superman pose on his butt*
*balances on his feet* I BELIEVE I CAN FLYYYYY
*mumbling Old Town Road lyrics in a country voice* 
*performs acrobatics and leg raises on his back*
BULLDOZER!!!!!!!! RRRRRRRR RRRRRR *pencil rolls over him*
*hits violently with pillow*
She's so cute 
This is HILARIOUSI lost it when she blew on the tube thing XD
5:58 *hits head on ceiling fan* 
Grace is so cute and tiny 
Dude yo girl is cringy af
i love how every other girl would get mad but shes just doing gymnastics on him
She's dying  for his attention
imma lick your foooot... say i wont! say i wont!*slams her into the drawers
The graphics from this angle are amazing
They r just the best like Zeus had  a straight face for so long and grace had a great time
shes so innocent omg i have no idea how he held in his laughter for so longgg
Your not alsleep wake up well you can't wake up if your not asleep
Shes soo pretty 
I like how im only 4 minutes in and it already looms like he is gonna give up hhahaha its cute how much he loves her
The way she reacted was adorable
Grace is the definition of gorgeous and adorable 
Nice couple
These two are actually the cutest 
Now I get why you love her so much
why is grace the cutest being alive <3
Whats that song?
I got triggered when he was in a mech
"ur not asleep... WAKE UP"
shes like an adorable puppy 
Sorry, but you made me laugh so hard my mom thought I was crazy
she looks 13 he looks 20 go awf tho
KiSs iT
when they get to 1mil, ill be able to say i was here 150k
Grace:want me to read you my speech
   Zeus:*ignores*
Aka this is a representation of my mom ignoring me when Im trying to see what she thinks of my essay
How the heck did he keep a straight faceee!! I couldnt stop laughingggg she was like a puppy who needed attention 
Just based on this i can tell yall got freaky deaky after this vid
is it just me or does zeus look like colton from the bachelor
She's so adorable
No one talking about how he got a victory royale with this happening and I cant get one normally 
12.35 LMAO ME
From 19.15 she looks a bit like Annie Leblanc... is it just me?
OMG you guys look like Nick wild and  Judy hops 
"if you were really mad you would talk to me, zues doesn't ignore me when he's mad" gives me the feeling she knew she was being filmed because it sounds like shes talking to us
Oh god why is she soooo Hella cute., ,, 
Grace is the cutest person on the planet ...
Are you mad at me??? My heart broke 
Are you mad at me??? My heart broke 
Cutest thing ever ... smiled the whole video....
vaya mierda. Si no lo entiendes lo traduces
How old is Grace she looks like 16
I dont have instagram but I did everything else
Done. But to be fair I did all those things when I discovered your channel :))
I saw a lot of love from Grace
She is sooooo cute and lovely.... wooooow
So hard not to laugh lol
She said prank 11 times
I love how Grace doesn't give up! This shows real love guys.
Zeus is really funny. We used to go to school together and he is good at keeping a straight face for long periods of time. They are so cute
That was honestly so cute I absolutely love you guys
grace looked like she had adhd in the whole video when she was tryna get Zues attention 
Sorry but how the hell did she get from his knees to his shoulders
Grace what song was actually playing?
hello?
its for you.. 
Omg Grace was being so cute
That's literally me when my boyfriend ignores me lol and her reaction is so funny
She is exactly like my cat when she is hungry 
Other girlfriends: *slaps boyfriends to get their attention *
Grace: *stands on his legs* wHaT dId i dO?!
No one:
Absolute no one:
Not a single soul in the universe:
Grace: EvErYboDy cLaP YoUr HaNdS *claps feet*
i really love this yt channel so much i will really unsubsribe to anyone else and keep them.
you where fineeeeeee yesterday, you where fineeeeeeeeeee
Marry him or I will
I thought Grace was Annie LeBlanc.I mean they sound the same and everything and she looks like Annie but when she is going to be older
She is beautiful 
How does this have dislikes???!! Smh
Boy its toooooooo hard!
Omg she's so cute
Awww her reaction 
Grace: wake up! * smacks with pillow*
This is actually how I am as a girlfriend when I get ignored but after a while I would probably genuinely start crying
Stay like that, your future bf finna not regret what he has.
Larissa Trujillo awww :( i hope i find a girl that sweet and innocent someday. I could never ignore my gf (if i had one lol) like zeus did, if she started crying after i started ignoring her id feel awful and hug and kiss her and omg id feel terrible 
5:58 * hits head on ceiling* the way she said ow was so cute
I love the immediate are u mad at me i felt that
Bro how tf did this man still win 
She says Zeus! Love me. I DIEDDD
I love your guy's channel I can rewatch this so many times
I love them so so much, and they are so cute together
she said 1st your ignoring me 2nd you hurt me and now no kisses 
Why was grace acting so cute XD it almost killed me. How can he ignore her like that?
I died at 4:45 when she bit him it was funny  *XD*
This is a true test of a man's power  lol
This is how many times grace said prank
Why isn't someone talking about the part where she says everybody clap ur hands and then she claps with her feet
She's so cute i cant
Wow u look like Neymar
Literally so she is so cute! GET MARRIED!!!!! PLSSS
Grace is like Marzia.
HEYYY OOO! WHATS POPPING
How do u ignore people for that long
Poor grace 
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL
this sounds like a fight betwen me and my Brother
Sooo*
Grace makes me so happy..she has dooo much patience
Girls need attention and this proves it...
Sorry guys so dont have inta Ill never get any merch
This is so adorable!! Any other girlfriend would be so annoyed but grace is actually the cutest!! You guys are so lucky to have eachother!!
GRACE UR VOICE IS ADORABLEEEEE  
This proves they have the best relationship ever
I am definitely on graces team. Lol. And does anyone know if the exchange student is still with them
Grace said Prank 7 times
Notice how any other girl would start throwing a fit and cursing and threaten to break up Grace is just tryna get a little fun out of it #teamgrace or #teamzues?
#teamgrace
damn women are needy
Grace you are the cutest lots of love cutie
How old are they?
Grace was being so nice about it
When grace turns on the music 
Omgggg hopefully they never break uppppp
Agree
U guys r so cute
(But hes good at ignoring tho)
My fav couple
Success
This girl needs attention xD
She is calm
literally fake. she said zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad, he talks to me
She's sooooo cute
She's like a little kid lol.
I luv her!
He was using a mech in fortnite. PLEASE dont be one of those guys lol 
Shes cute
Shes too fuckin cute to ignore.
Wow you cant find any girls like grace anymore
"I'll have to put the camera somewhere she won't see it."
*puts it in a really high place*
Yo he lowkey just straight up dissed his girlfriend 
Whats your ps4 gamer tag
When she put the hat , is in it feeling better? Ohh thats so cute
THIS IS SO FREAKIN CUTE I LOVE YOU GUYS
Cant you do the pass out prank or the drunk prank
I love how she's having so much fun with this
Nobody:
Grace: staring contest go
I luv u guys
Cutest couble
Grace so new that it was a prank! Good job Zeus even though grace knew hashtag team grace or team Zeus!!
This is like grace climbing on Zeus for 20:00 minutes 
How old is this girl? 13?
I FEEL bad for that computer that was get dog piled on
he's ignoring her and she's still having fun with him. she's so wholesome.
xxxsanyeo that is what i would call a keeper
@Bonegamer Pro 2.2 likes now + 1 dislike
@Bonegamer Pro Was so True 
She is broken... 
@Bonegamer Pro why u...
she's so sweet oml
She has so much energy
Ha you got sniped
Ow! *hits head on fan* she is short but im to short for that
Oh my gosh she is so sweet and cute to him the entire time 
Lol the advantege of having a tall boyfiend just sit on him lol
She sounds like a little girl :")
4:25 Zeus kick her elbow
Love you guys thx for the love on my comments it means a lot. I cant wait for another video!! 
Why you use mech
Also you guys are so cute together I want that kind of relationship
Grace you are so patient and spunky 
Bro what a girlfriend you have hahaha , i dont know how you could keep from laughing hahah xD was too sweet
love you the best couple on YouTube
Cant wait for mercchhhh. 
SHES SO FREAKIN CUTE
I did all the give away stuff x
OMG THEY LIKED MY OTHER COMMENT!! AHHH
Aww I feel so bad because she is such a sweetheart
Wow you are so much taller than grace
Who else is just glad the Zeus pranked Grace back
Wait,is she a vsco girl?!
"Zeus! Love me!"
This girls balance is amazing!!
No Zeus... dont be like that... why do you use the freakin B.R.U.T.E
She seems like a really happy person.
Ah it feels good to watch real pranks not no fake ones
shes mental 
Grace is definitely a keeper
How old are they
Ashley Gutierrez apparently they both were born in 2000
what song is that 6:10 ?
You guys should do a pregnant prank
Yeah I do know Zeus
I BELIVE I CAN FLYYYYYYYYY
Anyone else thinks she looks like Annie Leblanc?
Grace kinda looks like an older Annie Leblanc
imagine being light enough to actually climb on him like a jungle gym LMFAOO
In the sweetest voice: Im gonna choke you out
I DIED 
Done! Ps love you guys I dont think I could live without your channel to be 100% honest
Mi name is Grace to
You are so cute
7:58 Im dying, this is my first video of yours I have watched and it in love . You just gained one more subscriber!!
First you ignore me for no reason than you hurt me and dont kiss it omg shes adorable how did he stay strong I would have cracked right there.
I think this is more like a challenge than a prank lol
When she uses her foot as a phone 
ONE SECOND GER NAME IS GRACE AND HIS IS ZEUS YOU ONOW WHAT THEIR SONS NAME OS GOING TO BE ?
*JASON GRACE*
Why is grace such a mood
Grace is like a puppy trying to get their owner's attention I bet all this things are running through that puppy's head
"Gonna choke you out" 
Keep her forever or I will
He went: she went : 
Damn she called the fricken cops?
All righty
Wow first time Ive hear zeus talk
Grace still has a child heart
Shes too cute to be ignored
Grace is so cute oh my god!
This is the best thing Ive ever seen lmao 
Omg yall are at 150k already wow thats insane I hope the best for yall love yall and yall videos.
you are both so cute
How old are you two? Grace looks so small  compared to Zeus 
"your not asleep, wake up" lmao
Oh, so you also play pranks on Grace, thanks God!
"What did I do to deserve  this ......... nothing"
I loved this 
Idk how Zeus kept a straight face. I would've been laughing that whole entire time 
I laughed the hole time and i died at 11:52
I love her so much she is so cute she's such a great girlfriend I'm so happy for you Zeus
Getting massive Gru and Agnes vibes from this lmao
The way she said hello 
Serieus Grace look like 14 and Zeus 20
Khushi Singh yes good question But we dont know
Btw...how old are they actually ??
like a small puppy XD
Im sorry but they are honestly the cutest couple on the planet. You can really see how much they love each other. I cant wait to see what the future holds for them
Grace was so adorable when she was trying to get his attention, I couldnt stop smiling and laughing at certain points it was a very cute video of Grace trying to get Zeuss attention!
When she said I believe I can fly 
Indie Reid when?
you said prank 7 times
#huge fan
I love how Grace sits directly in front of the computer, yet Zues still tries to play. 
Grace looks a little like annie leblanc idk if it was only from the top angle or is it just me?
1. Done
2. Done
3. Done
4. Happy to be part of the Zace Gang
This is the cutest thing ever 
I love watching your videos!!
OMG I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSSSS!!! AHHH YESS
grace is so cute and sweet she don't deserve that
Youre not asleep, wake up
The cutest couple on YT!!!???
Zace!!!!
Shes so cute .youll are cute.  #goals
Id be down for a stream of u guys playing fortnite with subs !!
you can tell she was bored
OMG THX FOR THE LIKE GRACE AND ZEUS p.s I LOVE YOU GUYS
Bruh was in a mech lol
Grace is so pretty
Cutest thing. 
I would of started laughing so hard
She lowkey looks like Annie Leblanc
i love how she zipped your thing up and was like ya thats funny now talk to me
Done I love yall I love yall
Stawp ignorwin meeehhh - grace
I almost died of laughter when Grace started saying WhAtS WroNg!? and all her silly but cute actions. I love them soo much! 
HIII PLS COMMENT I LOVE U GUYS U GUYS ARE THE BEST!!  @Grace&Zeus !!!
where do you find women like this????
He's using a mech we all condemn you haha
Hey just finished doing the giveaway cant wait to see who won and Am the only won wondering how she did not brake his back cause I was worried when she went on his back.
THIS WAS SO FUNNY. I WAS LAUGHING MY BUTT OFF THE WHOLE TIME.
I CANT TGIS MADE ME SO SADDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Aww thanks for the heart u guys 
I love how interactive with their audience grace and Zeus are !  
grace wont pin this
ZEUS LOVE ME!
Me too, Grace, me too!
Every one is watching grace use zuse as a jungle gym, while Im wondering how graces pants havent ripped after she was doing all of her gymnastics 
"Baby I love u what's wrong" 
My heart
This is so cute legit the cutest thing ever ! I love you guys. Your currently my favourite YouTube
Grace is just so cute. She has the best patience and I cant believe Zeus didnt laugh!
This means cuddle time right ? Haha
This is my favorite Ignoring my girlfriend/boyfriend video yet. She's such a sweetheart! Don't lose her! <3
From the start  zeus chewing gum HAHAHAHAHA
her skin is so clear i cant
grace is legit acting like a crackbabyim dying
Do the hickey prank on girlfriend  or I got in a fight prank
i was giggling but he was 
The reason that made me subscribe to their channel is because how cute theyre together
U said prank 3 times 
They're so fckn cute -
I would just take his laptop
I love how instead of her getting kissed off, shes goofy and trys to get him to talk
Lol I would have played with my boyfriend, and set up my ps4 next to his. p.s. Gamertag?
How old are they
I want all black hoodie with your logo!!!
Done!! :)
I swear you guys are too cute 
Your not asleep wake up * smacks with pillow*
Awww I love grace so much I feel so bad watching this, she deserves it but.... shes an angel
Can u do a eat it or wear it challenge
Illy yaII
Do a Im pregnant prank!!! Like to agree!!
finally zeus pranked her love you guys
Can you go live on yt
Who's team are you on 
#TEAMZEus 
                    #TEAMGRAce
This is the most adorable thing Ive ever seen. Any bad feelings I had before watching this are completely gone.
She's so funny I am dying xD xD
ZEUSSSS LOVE MEEEE
*jumps on him*
...what did I do to deserve this...NOTHING
So dramatic yet so adorable XD
JAJAJAJAJAAJAJ
Grace absolutely knew what prank it was all along!!! Its way too obvious. 
Still love yall tho. 
Y'all r awesome I lmao at this y'all r cute
Her baby voice is literally the cutest thing ever
I did it
what is the song that plays at like 5:25 ?!? i cannot find it
anyone know the name of the song at 5:34?
Done 
Im dying with laughter 
'what did I do to diserve this... Nothing'  grace your cute little drama is hilarious.
YOU FINALLY GOT HER BACK ZEUS
I give him credit for not laughing while she was bothering him the whole time
I cant wait for you guys to get really big on YouTube and watch you grow as people!! 
I LITTERLAY ACT LIKE THIS
Choose me plz
I love uuuu i fromm kurdistann im kurdishh gilr
okay you guys are literally so cute :')
Omg is it just me or is grace the cutest gf ever (no homo)
He did an amazing job ignoring her I wouldnt last two seconds to ignore my boyfriend 
You ahould do a i forgot my bfs birthday prank on zeusss
Wow they like every comment we Stan I love u guys and am a new followers
When you ignore your woman 
Vsco girl
I love u so much
#couplegoals
Ahhhh the way grace tried to get his attention was so adorable 
Ive entered in the giveaway yay lysm 
I love grace and zeus i hope they keep on growing
The second she came into the room I broke I love them so much ik it's a prank but I love them 
Poor grace begging for Zeuss attention is literally me trying to get some attention 
You two are such a lovely couple because u bring out the best of each other and Zeus really cares for grace and grace for Zeus literally the loveliest most loving relationship between you two 
Bro grace is a mood
U said prank 7 times
I'd take some merch~
If u wont to live together merry then whats the diffrents...
I still want merch when will we know 
Haha grace kind of had it coming with the pranks she pulled 
Nobody:
Grace: everybody clap your hands! *claps feet together*
Love you vids 
Grace dancing I think so 
Best ignore prank I have ever seen ....I really loved it Grace was so funny
5:57 i died
I enjoy that the song he's using could be c0pyr1ghted
Love from The Netherlands!
true ninja
I did all the steps!! You guys are the most cutest couple ever!!
She rlly just got on top of him 
They're the cutest wtf
You guys should do a dead gf or bf prank
Why does he have a dog name
This was so funny, how could Zeus not start laughing.
Grace: Are you mad at me? What did I do to deserve this?
Also grace: Pulls a lack of mean pranks on Zeus.
I'm done
Omg then she starts dancing. My heart 
Definition of relationship goals. I freaking love yall 
Most girls would go crazy but she's so cute and starts to play with him for attention and laughs. She's like a cute little kid. This relationship must be so strong and cute.
"Everybody clap your hands "
Lol I'm dying
Omg she got me dead I live you guys 
aw zeus is just as adorable as his gf. cute couple!
edit: grace is me when i dont get attention lmao
xd when he tried to figure out camera setup lol
im a new fan and I like u guys so much and ur videos are great
Zeus is like me. Fishing and hunting comes before our gf LOL
How old is she?
Freaking love this 
Whats the song called at 5:50?
Grace is so adorable oh my god!!
Shes so cute
Damn she seems light
i've liked and subscribed ...but unfortunately i don't use insta ..so i guess i lack the eligibility criteria  .......btws i like  the videos u guys post  so keep up the good work .....peace
Well...she knows how to keep herself entertained lol
grace is a like a cat trying to get her master's attention. XD
I couldnt do it id die laughing haha
Finally Zeus came back with an revenge lol
I did everything for the giveaway i love you guys so much i hope i win because i would love the stuff you would give away love you Grace and Zeus
Shes hilarious
I wouldnt be able to keep a straight face 
when she pretended her foot was a phone i lost it
awww u look like Annie Leblanc
Shes so cute awe
e girl ew
She realized hes ignoring her immediately how is he going to go on for 24 hours
Grace is adorable
She's probably the only person ik who 4elly cares that much about her bf
are we going to ignore the fact he was in a mech 
I did all
Awww she is so cuteeee
you got snIIIPPPed.. thats what you get for ignoring your girlfriend 
graces reaction was so cute 
No one:
Not a single soul:
Grace: I bElIEvE i CaN fLyYyY
Grace is so cuteee. I cant contain the cuteness. 
all done! love you guys 
What is the age diffrence beetwen you?
Lmao when Grace hurt her elbow
12:42  is me when something good (or bad) happens to me 
Shes so cute shes like a child
12:36 ZEUS, LOVE ME
DUDE, NEVER LEAVE HER!!!! I REPEAT NEVER!!!!! SHE'S A FUCKING KEEPER, BRO!!! gosh, you're so darn fucking lucky to have her. SHE. IS. THE. CUTESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Y'all are the best
Hasshtag SUbscribed <3
damn shes devoted. If my boyfriend pulled that prank Id give up in five minutes
when its true ..you will not going to leave it
The question is " Are you devoted  ? "
I would have asked for a while whats wrong and end up just curling up next to my boyfriend and probably sleep.
Understandable
is she a vsco girl 
When she gets off of him and goes, ogghhf, hmmof..................... I felt that.
OMG grace was so cute when she was trying to get his attention. I love u guyss first of all u guys r sooo cute and ur content is amazing even tho u guys havent been doing I tube for a long time. Would love to see more vids
Looking forward to more pranks! Don't stop!!!
This vid made me sub to u. Its so funny 
IVE BEEN WAITING SO LONG
You guys are the cutest first video i saw from you was your first prank and now i''m obsesed love you guys
YAYYYY ZUES DID A PRANK
shes so cute, nice, patient  keep her
Ha broo
U have a veryyyy cute gf
And what ever she was doing in video that was extremely cute 
And all actions was also veryyyy cute 
I pray to God that I should also get this type of gf or wife 
U r luck broo to get this type of gf 
Don't leave her ever broo 
Vsco tings
Aww I feel so bad for Grace, you two people are so sweet and deserve so much. LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
HER REACTION IS THE CUTEESTTTT 
Shes so weird 
I LOVE IT
Imagine she says did you found out about my affair ?? 
the graphics from this angle are amazing AHAHAH
On PC, the graphics are much better from ANY angle.
Merch merch 
you are cute couples 
yes zeus!!!!
do they live together?
Greetings from Estonia. Joining #teamzeus :D
Zeus: ...
Grace: I BELIEVE I CAN FLYYYYYYYY I BELIEVE I CAN TOUCH THE SKYYYYYYY
I love the color of his eyes.
okay but what is the name of the song its rlly good
Grace: Zeus LOVE ME
Every girl ever: LOVE ME
how can she didnt know that it was not prank when they only use one camera?
She deserves it after all the hell she put you through with her pranks 
Grace you should do the i cant stop kissing you prank pleaseeee i love you so much
Literally doing gymnastics on his back 
This is the best couple I've ever seen on YouTube. By far you guys are so cute.
Zeus has such a good acting skills keeping his face straight... Lol
These two are the cutest, I simply cannot!!!
Grace looks like older version of Annie Leblanc 
Oh my god  she's just soooooooo cute
She's too cute
If my bf did this with me, Id get extremely paranoid and insecure that Id just sit around somewhere without even trying to talk to him after 1/2 tries and cry till he talks with me bcoz Ill just make up in my mind that he hates me and that I annoy him and thats why he doesnt want to talk to me.
Fact: you are not in full screen
This videos was so good. Grace was so cute and persistent during the entire day. I cant even express how hard it would have Been to not move and keep a straight face whilst she climbed on him, danced, and spoke. To cute  I didnt even have to do anything to the giveaway cause I had naturally completed all the steps anyway x
You said prank exactly 13 times 
Sound off for copyright reason about the song u played while that was happening
u guys r soooo cute
Zuse my man no balls you won't do cheating on my GF prank.
(Edit)sorry I spelled your name wrong 
Awww she was soo cute! <3
Fallows you done
Finally!!!!
She might seem annoying to some ppl but, she was just trying to make him not mad or happy! Because she thought he was mad at her or something. Thats why she was acting childish  its adorable lol  the one that had me dead was 5:04 she was ha I won isnt that funny? 
Zeus love me...what did i do to deserve this.....NOTHINGGGGthat was so cute xox
So hilarious .I send my love all the way from Nigeria
How can you keep a straight face 
I love Grace so much when she doen't give up easily to get his attention 
She is soo Cute
G-E-T M-A-R-R-I-E-D omg your chemistry with each other is so unbelievably cute 
You guys fit
props to zeus for not laughing!!
you guys are so freakin adorable! love your channel sm!
Done 
Grace was so cute lol
No one:
Grace:*does gymnastics on Zeus back
Aww shes so cute.
You guys are so cuteeeee!
she said prank 7 times
can you do breaking up with my girl friend prank and tell her you have a new girl
12:39 "zeus love me!" THAT TOO CUTEEEE
Ahhh Grace is sooo sweet!
When she said Ill lick your foot that reminds me how I am with my bf 
Bro ur girl want attention
Song title at 5:36
Please help me find the sing title 
anyone tell me that song? & your channel is great !!
"Zeus, Love me" *as she rolls onto his back*
*"That's what you get for ignoring your girlfriend"* hahahha trueeeeee btw you are sooo freaking cuteeeee I thank God so much I found your channel! This video definitely made my day
Bad to be that close to the tv
What if u don't have insrgram
grace you shoud just tell him "im pregnant" and he would react lol
She sounds like Barbie. LOL.
I loved how Grace was just sitting there on the TV stand
#ZaceGang  jst subscribed 
I think the only things I heard from grace were 'Babe, what's wrong' 
You remind me of the Jatie fam and yeah there my fav channel
Beautiful.
How cute are you guys 
"I believe I can fly"
-Grace
I literally died of laughter
This is the first time watching yall and she is the absolute cutest. Idk how you didnt crack when she stood on you! Hahaha. 
first she is trying to make him laugh then she is saying "babe what's wrong" lol
Finally zeus gets his revenge. Lol. You guys really look soooo cuuuute
Shes so freaking adorable when she wants attention omg my heart- 
she so cute
who could ever be mad at grace ?shes an angel
bRuh tHis woUld bE lIke tHe cuTest cOuple iVe evEr sEen iN  mY lIfe iM nOt lyIng
Hahaahhahahaha
I cant believe that she has so much patience
Yes mom im studying
I would have stoped trying the first 2 minutes 
im gonna play fortnite lol
Grace is so adorable
FINALLY
how old are they
I CANT EXPRESS HOW MUCH I LOVE THIS ACCOUNT OMGGGG 
Team Zeus
i love how she was laughing the entire time even tho she was pissed
Grace's 5 year old self
Can i know the song title where grace dances?
Shes so sweett i cant
Grace's first reaction was so sweet and funny!  Grace really knows Zues well. I love your videos! 
Anyone else been here since 50k 
I cant decide which one of you is cuter tbh its a struggle
Dem 9 year Olds 
Zips sweater up then back down lol
Zeus= **watches laptop**
Grace= **uses Zeus as a surf board**
This made me laugh so much!  cutest couple everrrr 
Damn they're so cute
Its awesome to see you guys pranking each other because I laugh aaaallllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooottttttttt
The Zeus strikes back with a prank!! I was waiting for this for sooo long!!!!! 
She s so cute :)) you re so cute together :))
She sounds like 12 but love watching them tho
12:36 ZEUS! LOVE ME! i died she is a complete and utter mood in this video
Ikr? She was having fun even tho she was getting ignored
Theyre goals. I hope you stay in love forever and grow cuter each day. I hope love grows stronger and lots of love from me
awww u guys have 148k!! your going up so fast and im so happy for u guys 
she is literally the cutest.
This is better than the "tray not to laugh" videos 
Love Zeus setup  PS4gang ngl I was also watching the fortnite gameplay 
*I bEliVe I cAn FlY* 
She actually played gymnastics on him *Lol* 
Hi I just want yall to know, yall the best couple on utube  @graceandzeus
Is she a cat
whats the name of the song in the beginning:((
When Zeus looked at the camera at 10:36 it felt like he was trying to call for help 
She's the cutest and sweetest gf I know
Grace is so cute. We're like the same type of girlfriend lol if that makes any sense
Couple of the year Garve was so cute and understanding 
finally the video ive been waiting for
Her literally mounting him
She made me choke on my pizza from laughing so much
Zues! Love me!!........nothing.
They both are so cute. I was laughing a lot while watching this video. At first I was feeling sad for Grace. But then I was also happy for Zeus. Because this prank was harmless than the earlier ones. But still she was looking so cute while she was trying to get his attention. Or should I say Manaofying.( In indian style )
Oh my god. They liked my comments. I am on cloud 9 right now. Thank you grace and Zeus. Love you both. 
please tell me song name starting...????????????????????????????????????//
THEY ARE SO CUTE I CAN'T
finally one video in which he really can ignore her
grace trying to get zeus attention was the cutest thing ever
Her reaction is the cutest ever 
Honestly if my bf or gf did this to me, I would just leave them alone like the first 10 seconds they ignore me.
When she stood on him and then sat on his shoulders,I lost it
This is how many times Grace said, WhAts WrOnG?! 
What is this?
They are the cutest 
If I zues I would be so annoyed 
Omg I love this 
I died when grace hacked her leg on the bed when she opened the computer 
You guys are awesome 
Grace is so adorable when she's trying to get his attention...and just all the time also.  Much love Grace
Graces order of reactions:
Why are you ignoring me?
What did I do?
Uses weird sound thingy to annoy Zeus
Blocks fortnite 
Acts funny and annoying
What did I do? 
Plays song and sings and dances
Hurts herself
Blocks fortnite
What did I do?
Foot call!
What did I do?
Reads speech
Follows Zeus constantly 
Gets sad
Gets angry
Laughs it off
*Zeus leaves*
I know its a prank!!!
*Zeus gets back*
Its a prank!
Zeus: Ignores
Grace: ItS a PrAnK
Zeus (as if nothing happened): Hey guys!
By the way you guys are my favourite youtubers ur the best and I love you both!!!
Dedication right here
this is the love and energy we like to see
#TeamGrace
FINALLY ZUES PRANKS GRACEE!!!
This was by far the cutest thing Ive watched all week
7:57 had me dead
No one:
Grace: sTaRiNg ConTesT gO
Omg grace is literally the cutest!
Grace, can you do a makeup routine??!!
She switched between like a super sincere whats wrong? And a  whats wrong lol
I'm glad Zeus did a prank! Lol I get so annoyed when they block the TV while I'm gaming. 
Graces reaction was hilarious 
i would die laughing idk how they do it
What a good prank
Grace is officially...
*my cat*
Grace is killing me, I believe I can fly I love u guys so much, can't wait for 1 mil
Literally my favorite couple, yall are so cute
This entire video is adorable lol
Their love is so beautiful 
honestly the best girlfriend ever she adorable. she let him play fortnite.
OMG SHE PUT HER FOOT UP AND SAID UR GETTING A CALL HELLO ITS FOR U. IM CRYING SKEHSKHSKSJSS
Grace is the content we didnt know we needed.
I felt so bad for Grace but I couldnt help laughing the entire time . I love how, instead of getting mad, she just joked around and tried to make him laugh . I really enjoyed this video, thank you for the huge laughs you gave me. 
Its so  adorable 
I want merchhhh!!! 
Cool stuff your giving away love your video pranks are the best!
You two are so freaking cuteee!!!
Finnaly its Zues sorry Zues but I gotta go for #TeamGrace 
Love you guys 
Your a beatifull couple 
She is so adorable
My dogs name is zeus so when you yelled zeus he got up and came over to me and was confused
Does anyone know the name of that song???
She is acting like a child and its so adorable omgggggggg 
OMGGG THEY LIKED MY COMMENT IM SO HAPPY!!!! 
"You're not asleep wake up" *hits with a pillow*
U said prank 7 times
She reminds me of Ellie from Up!
Bout time he got back at her!!! Love this!!!!!! Yall are couples goals
3 or 4
When she said that she thought he was mad I thought it was about to get real. It just ended up being really wholesome
While other girls are getting mad asf at this prank grace uses Zeus as a jungle gym and does gymnastics on him
Bianca Veronica most girlfriends wouldnt get mad. If you do you got yourself a real shitty one
@Amoun or that they're in relationship, investing time and devoting themselves and the guy is ignoring them for nor reason, and blah blah blah...
@Jason Lee cause they're attention whores
Well cheer cause she does cheer but yea close enough !! 
Can you do a skincare routine video I would really love to see that grace
I want to get something of your merch! I love you guys and you should get some merch cause it would be awesome!
HE USED A MECH 
Grace trying to get your attention is the best thing ever
Note to self: if someone is mad at me I must do gymnastics on their back
Whats the song at 5:41?
The graphics from this angle are amazing of this isnt me in an awkward situation trying to make myself feel better then I just dont know anymore
you guys are so cute omg 
Done! love ur channel!!
awwww she was being so sweet and trying so hard!!
I would not be able to ignore her
The thumbnail tho
Yo lets play fortnite! I'm not very good at it but I love playing.
ZEUS... LOVE ME hahaha i love this so much and I love yall.
Finally a prank on her!!!
Omg you guys are so cute  Grace is so funny
Remember dating that boy from wewa
I would have the same exact reaction everything she did I would have done
Grace: WAKE UP!!!!
*Hits with pillow*  THUD
Me: *cracks up*
grace had so much fun getting ignored
Lol shes so cute
Bro buddy was dedicated  she caught on an we still ignorin hahah lmao
Im on teamgrace
You can tell they don't fight  Grace is so cute but I'm team Zeus ... couple goals they can't live without each other
Why are you guys both so good at acting like I would crack in like 30 seconds
Grace is so Funny!! I love her voice! 
Also Zues did pretty well for his first prank, but Grace still did a little better xD.
You kinda look like Annie Leblanc
I love you guys so muuuch, you guys are my favorite youtubers, you make me soooo happy
Im in love with Grace shes too funny
You look so adorable
"ZEUS LOVE  MEEE!" 
She was playing on him like a playground 
I've done every single one of those so do i enter?
This video should be titled Zeuss revenge
They r probally the only ones who ACTUALLY did it for 24 hours this is y i watch them cuz most of their vid arent clickbait i mean other YouTube's do it for an hours but he did it for a while this is my fav channel i luv them
@Grace & Zeus thts crazyy my godddddd i luv u guyss sooo much tysm for the like and the reply and the amazing content luv you guys
ELIMINATED FUZZYUNICORN75!!?
The thumbnail is my lil brother when i tell he doesnt get to play the ps4
I love you guys so much! You are my favorite youtubers ever and your videos make me so happy!
When she baby talks I cant help but find it so adorable
This woman is probably like-6 years older than me
She dont act 19
What did I do?
If my significant other said that Id crack
Like the new intro lmfao, good job
I love how at the beginning he couldnt stop smiling 
I luv u guys soo much
Omggg n they liked it too
*the stuff she was doin when u was ignoring her lmaoo*
Hahah u go,u got her good
Yall are the cutest couple ever
I cant wait to see the revenge prank this was hilarious  I love the merch 
"The graphics on this thing is amazing" she's literally so cute 
omg the way shes trying to get your attention is so cute XD
Aweee lol.... ayee fortniteee 
Uhhhhhh Im late today because I had school and practice
Also I dont know how he was able to ignore her for so long cuz I definitely cant
Omg grace can you please do a morning/night routine cause your skin is soo clear! I NEED TO KNOW HOW ITS SO CLEAR!
WHEN GRACE SMACKED HIM WITH THE PILLOWWWWWWW
7:30 she is acting like a 3 year old
LOL Grace is hilariousssss omgggg I love you guys so much!! I found your channel last week and I dont regret it at all!
4:35 R.I.P. headphone users lol
Grace is so cute, the way she climbs on you and stuff is adorableeee
Awww poor Grace all she wanted was to talk to Zeus, she tried so hard 
yall are such a cute couple 
This intro is 
Why did she say Zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad if shes talking to Zeus??? Lollllll
Omg! So cutieee 
I see you with fortnite
I love how they have a goofy ass relationship 
LOVE THAT
how did he keep a straight face for that long?
She was having so much fun messing around that she didn't care that he was ignoring her
she was having so much fun missing that she didn't care that was ignoring her hahah .. 
#Prank
This video was amazing  I love all of your pranks so far 
Broooo why is Grace so freaking cuteeeee aweeee!
They have gained 48,000 subscribers in 1 week
Its amazing how fast she got off the floor after falling out his lap 
Grace was hilarious in this video!! 
I wondered when Zeus was going to get grace back and that was so cute when she was trying to get his attention, I felt really bad for her.
Grace is so precious 
Grace: *licks Zeus* Grace after she licked him: hehe I licked youuu :) awe  theyre so cute 
Lol girlfriend looks like a giant 6 year old
you guys are soooo cutee omgg and grace, you remind me a lot of marzia!!
What are your heights? Ly so much 
How did he keep a straight face
How old are you guys?
kudos to zeus cause i wouldve broken like 2 min in
 she said clap your hands. and she clapped her feet. that was so funny to me cause i would that too no joke
Omg she is cute lol
i think grace got hurt quite a few times in this video
Omg aweeee ily guys
Kinda off-topic, but how many wins does he have on Fortnite? Just curious
OMG she climbed on him like my cat does lmao
When did he stop ignoring her Im confused and I watched the entire video!?
Staring contest go! ...... ah you blinked I win *smacks him* ahah its funny 
my poor ears lol i was wearing headphones also zeus think i spelt that wrong but if u put the songs name at the top of the video u wont get copywritted
She's so sweet
Id start laughing if in that situation great job!
How the hell did Zeus not laugh at everything???? You're adorable and hilarious, Grace!!!
I like how she acts like a little girl since she's so small compared to him and he's ignoring her
Zeus should do a breakup prank on grace
The "everybody clap your hands" part earned yall a sub 
Cutest couple out there honestly! By far my fav too
at least he got you a little but anyways good prank tho 
I just realized how much attention us girls need...
Love yall
4:48 ok she actually looked like Annie Leblanc right there
Yo zeus got that rock solid face no emotion!
girl you smacked him so hard with that pillow... I'm cryingggg
..my guy playing fortnite?
6:20 really zeus....
You use the mechs? the only way you can get kills?? Hahah just playing
Grace was really entertaining herself lol. Thats literally how I am! 
She is so humble
Ahh I've been waiting for you to get her back! I got so excited when I saw this!
#TeamGrace
I have done all three ! I live in evansville indiana like how awesome!
1st thought.....
*_Wow, someone is actually doing the laundry lmao_*
Zeus + Grace = Goose... Goose Gang? 
I like how she just assumes she did something wrong
awh!! be my mom and dad please
How did they not break the chair 
*No offence*
SuperXXGirly XOXOMSP because shes tiny
Omg..... at the beginning when she was like I love youuu! I would have cracked!! I couldnt.........
Omg I wanted to cry for her 
Such a cute couple, I do the same thing with my boyfriend if he ignores me. He is 6'4" and I'm 5'3". Lol I know the struggle!!   
Can we enter the giveaway a different way? I dont have any social media
There's no way I could've pulled that off..she's just to freaking cute. Even if I was mad I would've got over it soon as she blew on that thing. God bless you guys..
Seriously the cutest couple Ive seen
Zues u have a good gf because she has so much patience and u guys are the best youtubers
Love you guys
Im wondering how she has so much energy
When Grace says Zeus! Love me! I was rolling
I was waiting for a comeback lol 
aahg finally. the comeback
Litterally the most perfect couple
I was laughing so much when grace tried everything to make Zeus talk
YAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY"""""""""
Is no one gonna mention when she goes everybody clap their hands then claps her feet
This is the cutest video ive ever seen
HAHA YOU BLINCKED I WIN haha. Its funny
Are we just not going to talk about how grace used her foot as a phone. 
Hello?
Its for you.
This was like the cutest video ever. Yall goals honestly 
Lol he couldnt contain his smile
Oh man Zeus that had to be hard
Grace is so cute 
Yes I would most definitely buy a hat and a hoodie so please and Ive also been here since 200 subs
Did all the steps cant wait to see who wins
Can we talk about how he got a victory royal while staying completely calm
Finally I love you guys
 the graphics from this angle are great 
Grace is so dam cute  how sweet lol
So cute
ive never seen something cuter than this
What did I do is the most innocent thing grace said in this video
Done 
No homo but Zeus is kinda adorable
Grace's personality is one of a kind ! She's just so adorable !
I looked at the title and was like
This is gonna be cute
Ughh I wish I was here when the video uploaded
Done p.s ily guys 
she said prank 7 times
That cup is literally gorgeous it sparkles so muchhh
This is hilarious
she's the cutest tbh
I feel like she knew though
Grace was so cute the fact she put her life in danger by hitting the ceiling fan
She seems like she is a partyer shes  so funny and is so sweet
This isn't intended to be mean but I thought that Grace was kind of like a puppy that needed attention!
Congrats on your first prank Zeus!
Doesnt sound mean at all
You're guys are so cute 
I don't know why it was so funny when Grace hit her head on the ceiling at 5:57  This was so entertaining though 
Yaaayyyy!! Not sure why this made me so happy but I'm the 1,000th comment! 
12:38 when she said Zeus love me lol 
Love your videos, you guys are my favorite Youtubers
Go hunting with zeus
I thought she was searching "WHY WON'T MY BOYFRIEND TALK TO ME"
then when I saw YouTube i thought she put on a "Ignoring my bf/gf for 24 hours vid" XD
Omg grace kinda looks like my sister i love you guys i subscribe d as soon as i saw the period prank
YALL SHOULD DO A MORNING/NIGHT ROUTINE 
YESSSS HE FINALLY PRANKED YOU BACK!!! ICONIC!!
I love you guys u are literally perfect and im jealous  ily guys
awe :(
Hes not available rn leave a message 
The song name please
they.
*CUTE.*
Nobody:
Grace's need for attention: I NEED YOU TO TALK TO MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I lost it when she started blowing the deer call
I love your channel 
Grace: watches game and comments, falls back onto zues
Zues: hugs her without meaning too
Yall are growing sooo fast congrats
Every girlfriend first response whenever there boyfriend ignores them are you mad at me? Lmao 
AND THEN YOU HURT ME AND NO KISS IT - *grace ,2019*
It was a fail grace was right
Omg you should do the cheating prank  sorry grace I love you  her reaction was soooo cuteeeee
This is how I'd be /am 
I laughed for 10 minutes straight
P.S. Grace was so cute
love how she wasnt throwing things like most girls would and she was being calm and making a jok out of it lmao
Apparently a lot of girls during these prank videos are calm tho
Omg yes the video we been waiting that was funny when she was using her feet  as a phone 
Lol this is really funny!!!
I felt so bad when she said "Are you mad at me?"
I would love your merch!
Wow he finally prank grace
Oml the definition of cute is grace and Zeus they are adorable
Grace she have said Something like "I didnt mean to it just happened." Reversed prank
Grace is me if I had a bf and he was ignoring me
I love how hard she was trying to get his attention!!  This is the cuutest thing ever!!
"ZEUS, LOVE ME!!!" 
zEuS love me 
I love how you guys never do the mean ones 
When she said Zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad I was like is this fake 
I love yall so much! Im so glad I found your channel. Easily my favorite couple channel! 
awww shes soo sweet you playin fortnite awww
I love how kind and lighthearted she is
HEY WHAT IS THIS SONG I NEED TO KNOW???? And also #TEAMZEUS
Grace what did I do to deserve this?... nothing 
Me most of the time..
Zeus i cant believe u went all day without talking to grace
I know its a prank stop *taps his head like thumper from Bambi* love you guys
You two are so cute together! Please never break up! 
Definitely need merch 
Me: YES ZEUS IT'S YOUR TIME TO SHINE
Also me: stop the prank and give grace your attention
Awwww shes being so cute!!! Omg!!! Shes so funny!! Awww I feel so bad.
I love how she sat on him lol
ZUES love me!
HAHAHA FINNALLYYYY!!!
Grace is trying so hard to get his attention but instead she is being so cutee
I really liked the new introoooo
DID I HEAR MERCH???
The title of the video should be: 
Differents ways to get the attention of ur bf 
Grace is so cute 
grace you shouldve said say something if you love me  
we are watching y'all from Guatemala!! love your videos
Best couple ever, love your videos
Grace was looking for the camera at first
Such an adorable couple
Did anyone relize zeus never lost?
7:34  the graphics from this angle are amazing lmao
Only problem, I dont have insta!!!
Grace is such a little kid
I just found your channel and i think that its the best thikng has ever hsppened to me in my years of being on youtube lots of love for yall and i swear i need to see a wedding lmao peace
You are so pretty
I really really REALLY wanna win but I dont have insta 
New to the group and you guys are my new favorite YouTuber!!! Good try!! Time for a good prank next grace
You r suprisingly like me! So crazy!
Also I love ur baby voice
Totally hilarious!!!!
How old is grace
I really hope they dont break up because pranks caused alot of yt couples broke up
But love the pranks keep it up 
is this an international giveaway !?
This was TOO cute 
literally love you twooo
Awww Grace is so cute  also me when if/when I get a boyfriend.... You guys are so freaking adorable
ok but she was so cute trying to get him to talk to her like fr omg    staring contest go
this was so adorable when grace was trying to get his attention
I love u guys
5 lol
Love you guys so much xx
zeus love me!
same sis same
I love u guys sooo much STAY SWEET!!
This is so good because he kept going. Everyone else does it for like 5 min and gives in
Y'all. Instead of Zace Gang, it should be Geus Gang. Aka, GOOSE GANG 
Aw poor grace
You are one of my fav channels love ya so much 
Grace was so adorable 
This is honestly so funny I was laughing the entire time also I have no idea how Zeus kept a straight face during the whole time
#teamzeus
#grase and zugly
You said "prank" 17 times
I love you Grace, but I've been wating for this to happen!!
She literally has almost the same personality as me
She was so sweet
Lol 4:34 I jumped you got to admit she was so cute trying to get his attention
Grace acted just like my girlfriend would, love it, yall are awesome!
full 20 min of grace whining like a literal baby trying to find out whats wrong
This is the best I love you guys 
she looks 12 is she living with him?
YAZZZZ
DONNNEEE i already commented on both of your ig posts, was already subscribed and liked so plllzzzzz puck me!!!!!! 
Idk why but she reminds me of a older Annie Lablanc? Anyone else?
hi grace and zeus i know you probably wont see this but you are amazing i love you guys so much i wish i could be just like yous bye xx
Awwwe grace is such a beautiful and loving young lady
Grace:Whats wrong i love you Whats wrong... 
Boi if you dont marry her i will... Time ticking
Guys look at 6:50 he got a mek in fortnite that is soooo cool
Finallyy
I would of turned the tv off, haha
Why was she spraying him with papers 
"I hurt my elbow,kiss it!" *That was adorable* lol
u lost it oof
You guys are adorable! You have a amazing relationship so well done!! Thanks for the great vids! And... GOOD GOING ZUES!!! Love you guys! 
#teamgrace
I have a girlfriend 
Shes from a different nation 
Shes from my imagination
Oh oh cuddle time!! there so cute
Grace cracks me up 
Yall are so cute 
 she was so cute
She hated that prank down to her soul.
Do u guys have a son or Is that his brother
Im honestly so happy they found eachother because the level she tried with him in this vid and how much he cares about her in the other vids its honestly my relationship goal Ive fs never seen a couple more perfect for eachother
Why are you abusing the mech 
6:57 
hello?! its for you 
she low key made me feel bad at the start when she thought he was mad at her 
zeus, love me! HAHHAHAHAHA
Zeus doesnt ignore me when hes mad so whats wrong , is she in on it...
Whats the name of the song?
BEST VIDEO OF 2019 
#TeamZeus
*ZUESS LOVE ME! what did i do to deserve this? Nothing.*
I love the fact that if its a sad moment she always stay positive and thinks on the bright side
OMG HE WAS SO CUTE WHEN HE STARTED PLAYING FORTNITE AND GAVE US ALL A SMILE OMG MY HEART MELTED FR
Really cute
Good thing hes in a mech when shes sitting In front of the tv lol they are overpowered
ooooO! Its cuddle time THAT WAS SO CUTE
#TEAMZEUS
They are the it couple they are the perfect couple
17:06 I died of laughter
When she danced to the song 
3:22 had me crying 
 at 5:40 she started dancing  best dancing ever love u guys 
What did I do to deserve this... nothing  grace is so funny
Prank came out perfect
Please, the pranks kill me! You two are too cute! I hate the pranks because you  are just too loving to each other.
I love these prank videos this one is my favorite so far 
Omg she's so cute and patient this isnt the first video I watched you but I love youuuu keep up the great work
HOW IS THIS SO HEARTBREAKING AND FUNNY AT THE SAME TIME!?!?
It was so cute when she climbed on him
in a few years theyll be making pranking my wife/ husband videos 
12:32 literally a mood 
im definitely entering!!!
ily whats wrong was literally the cutest line ever
Ninja grace
I swear I watched 4:23 at lEAST 30 times 
I'm late//I'm so happy u guys are growing so quick. Love you guys ! And sorry but team zeus, grace did a lot but giving him a chance lol
"Everybody clap ypur hands" 
Starts clappong with feet.  idk how he kept a strait face for the whole video because grace is hilarious. Yall are a cute couple.
Yay you finally did a prank I loved it  I love you  guys so much
YESSSSSSS!!! I have been waiting for this
Omg they are the cutest couple ever and it's cute how small she is compared to him 
Grace is literally me as a girlfriend aww this was so cute
Yaayyy MERCH!
I did everything for the giveaway
Yassss a prank from Zeus Grace's reaction  was so cute
13:25 i laughed so hard
Me being broke 12:42
U do a prank
FINALLY
Her reaction is sooo adorable  You guys are the cutest couple ommggg 
Okay girl you're flexible  she climbed like almost everything  laughed so much at this
Why are you ignoring me? What did I doooo?? 
*makes weird noises with a weird thing* *ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh*
Yes finally revenge for literally everything else
this was such a funny video!!! loved it and love u guys 
He finally got her back 
Yesss he plays fortnite! 
I love u whats wrong 
True love  
Grace was soo cute
 if agree
Shes so wholesome I love it
yayy zeus prank!! lol there both so caring for each other 
Omg love the video
I am fan in such along time
Yall are adorable 
You guys are so cute I cant even Ive been waiting for Zeus to prank u back and he finally did I cant love yall
I love you
But when will u announce the winner??
when she sat on Zeus shoulders i lost it.
Its cute how shes trying soo hard to get his attention
the way grace says baby is the cutest thing
take a shot every time grace stood on Zeus
YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTEEE
Zeus: I don't know where to put it
*sits on bed and wiggles and jiggles*
@Account sup
Ava Dolan wassup bromieomie
Whats the name of the song that you played during the video
You guys are adorable just found your videos grace you are beautiful you look like nikki reed
Shes so sweet
"cuddles!!!!" y'all r so cute!!!!!! grace ur the cutest thing in the world 
AWWWW...
YOU GUYS R THE CUTESSSSTT
This man could be my math teachers brother
Yes make merch!!!
"If you were really mad you'd talk to me!" *taps him on head with foot*
Good  one
I clicked on this video
Why did we need to see u brushing your teeth? 
You could do better zeus
Poor graceee
Oh my gosh I love this yt channel so much!!!
Gets to video thinks that theres no way he can ignore her for that long 
Gets a few minutes into the video thinks he cant do it for more than an hour
Gets closer to the end thinks Zeus is a boss and mr.#1 prankster
I love her voice
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
u should have done Minecraft
this is the cutest thing ever omg. when she thinks that hes mad at her awh
INDIANA GANGGGG
Did she know? Idk i feel like she knew... 
12:37
ZEUS LOVE ME
lmaooooooo
Use me as this was a great prank button 
Everybody plays fortnite nowdays
Yall so cuttteeee
Imagine if when Zeus went on his computer, if he typed in, its a prank while Grace was watching so that way he could still ignore her
Make merch
Cutest youtube couple ever
Y'all are so cute together I wish me and my bf were like that!! Your channel is amazing!
YAAAY finally zeus with a new prank :D,Love u guys :)
oooh the graphics from this angle are amazing! haha i have been waiting for more pranks lol... love your channel!!!
Shes so quiet in videos but so loud and cute when she doesnt know shes being filmed
Awww Graces reaction was so cute she was climbing all over you this was so cute
ahh so happy im here for their first giveaway  and loveeee the new intro 
when she said whats wrong?i love you.my heart-i cant
Bro finally now we need more
U guys r so cute 
Love u 
Boyy you better run if shes actually on her period when you prank her 
Gurl ur getting so famous dont forget us
The annoying girlfriend came out and I loved it 
I'm surprised Zeus was able to keep a straight face.. also his mom, amber,  and sisters need t-shirts... i love u both!
We love you :)
So happy u got her back!! Lol. Love u guys
This is too cute and funny
Why is grace soo cute???!
I wouldve turned that Fortnite off 
You guys are honestly the cutest couple ever.
grace and zeus i love your chanel! I've been hear since 2k! love and support you two. 
He still managed to Win a game with her climbing all over him!
This is funny
Finally he got her back
All I kept thinking was *Boi that gum sure lasted him a long time*
Pup Playz same
Bro that company sure made some pretty decent gum
you guys are such cute couples!
ive done commented 5 times an deleted them bc i dont know what part to comment on 
OMGGGGG grace is adorableeeee 
when grace started to dance on his butt i just bursted out laughing
I felt so so bad
This is so funny
5:08 haha u blinked I win its funny
I freaking love Grace 
Awwwww, their so lovely
duddeee this is literally the cutest thing ever ly guys
Im sorry grace is so freaking funny 
13:51 I believe I can flllly 
Can grace please do a skin routine
I love u guys  #teamgrace
Like how did he keep such a straight face?!  I would have been laughing immediately 
So wonderful!
I ENTERD
GOOD FIRST ONE ZEUS  #TEAMZEUS
Grace sounded so concerned. I love you two  so flippin much
You guys are so cute together :) my favorite youtubers off all time
Aww ur too nice ur the only YouTubers who have like my comments
love the new intro!! 
Finally and prank from him love you guys #roadto200k
just entered the giveaway  so happy i found you guys, so cuteee !!
The foot-call thing!  I CAN'T!  
I Love This Channel!!!!!!  Yall Are So Pure And Sincere!
"Zeus love me" lol, I laughed so  much. You too are the cuties.
Next cutest couple on YouTube since David and Liza broke up
10:22 Anyone else stressing when they were on top of the MacBook  on the bed
Why state u guys from? btw comment #666
AWWWW Grace is a whole mood if I had a bf like that
i love how she isnt upset or screaming at him, instead shes trying to figure it out with him and that just shows how healthy their relationship is !! awww my heart <33
"Everybody clap your hands" I can't she's to cute and their so cute together you should just get married
I think she knew about the prank bc she said Zeus talks to me when hes mad, no hate tho
You cant tell me youve never talked about someone in the third person when your right next to them before
No she was saying that because he wasnt acting like himself so it was like she wasnt talking to zues
She said "the Zeus I know and love would never ignore me"
*grace being adorable for 20 min straight*
Either Zeus is really strong or grace is light
Bri  BOTH
Pretty sure it's both
Bri pretty sure both
ZEUS Love meh it sounded like Romeo and Juliet
She is the cutest thing ever
Hey! Yall are so cute together. Grace is so cute. (I have Zeuss puts vida bracelet that he was wearing in bed)
4:27 You can see he felt bad and  btw you guys are THE best couple on youtube
YESSSSS!! ive been waiting for this!! i love you channel 
Ouu this means cuddle time right?? Shes so cuteeee
Grace: Yah bodys to wiggly 
this is where im tryna be in life
He's so good at this!
Thats so sad she was like did I do something wrong like she did not think of anything else other than did I did something I feel so bad right good job Zeus finally got her back
Awww they are so cute
FINALLY SWEET REVENGE XD
Lol she so funny
Wholesome content  And I clap my feet too!! Lol
I havent laughed this hard in a long time
Was here since 16k!!
Which team
#TEAMGRACE or #TEAMZEUS
Grace: ur not asleep, wake up 
Finally a prank
Soo glad I found u guys u guys are awesome
if only i had that much attention
When graces said everybody clap ur hands and clapped with her feetshes so funny
lolwut
not gonna lie she act like a child
Dalia Dalia no, me replying is not childish. its called calling someone out so they can learn to grow up. im telling you that you gotta learn this now, you dont get *anything* out of sending others hate and the solution is literally as simple as just not doing it. hopefully you take this and move forward positively, good luck in life sis
reese chin you answering is childish
not gonna lie you commenting this is childish
Finally A Prank From Zeus?
Whos been waiting?
Gets ignored sits on his shoulder 
#TEAMZEUS
Bro grace looked like she was on crack this whole video
grace: staring contest go! ahah *smacks chest* i win funny 
Omg how can you be soooooo patient grace I dont get it! 
I love you guys so much plz keep doing these kinda videos!!
Their too cute 
16:58 "you're not asleep, wake up" he can't wake up if he is already awake gurll 
~No hate~
Luv your channel
I am done
You guys are goals oh my gosh!!! I wish I had the amount of energy grace has
"ZEUS! Love me" "what did i do to deserve this?... nothing"
"The skys awake so im awake"
Isadora Ferraz *lets out sigh*  shes adorable 
All I have to say 
Grace: kiss it!!
Zeus: ...
Grace: *ZEUS*
He clearly doesnt haves da elbo fetishesss
I followed everything besides yonow live stream bc I have to wait to download it until a couple days
This is such a mood
YESSSS
Id die if they ever responded to one of my comments, like (Im gonna stop now Im really really annoying) (Now Im rlly happy, this made my day. like I never thought theyd even see my comment)
Grace is giving me vsco vibes but in a good way, she's very beautiful 
Tou are soo beautiful
Hes literally ignoring her and she still fixes his headphones for him so he cant hear her even more
So accurate
Th relationship Im trying to have
I would laugh so hard if i was Zeus 
I can't ever keep my face straight
If I were him Id be laughing so hard
Fun fact: Youre not watching this video on full screen ;)
Fun fact: Youre not watching this video on full screen ;)
Aw I love them together! I love how grace was doing everything in her power to get his attention, they are so lucky to have each other
LITERALLY NO ONE:
GRACE: I BELIVE I CAN FLY
Shes so sweet
grace- ZEUS LOVE ME. what did i do to deserve this, NoTHiNg. 
ZEUS LOVE ME !!! Sentence of the year
I would love to see Zeus vlog more/ do more pranks! #TeamZeus
10:51  s  s 
FINALLY HE GETS REVENGEEE
her voice is so cute when shes trying to get his attention, I know Ive commented like 9000 times but I comment as the video goes on hahah
aye whats your epic lol
When u can't decide where to put the camera  there Soo cute together 
Love the new intro kinda miss the old one but also finally you got Her back!
Mmmm foots
omg she is so cute! someone like her is goals <3
U guys are so cute together love ur vids
shes so cute, and shes so pretty omg. And the amount of times she said whats wrong and baby and babe omg Im so lonely haha
Love you guys so much    
This is how many times grace said prank
i wantto enter the giveaway but i dont have ig T-T
*ZEUS* SOO CUTEEE
aw shes so sweet :)
I can't win the giveaway Because I can't get Instagram
Grace is so cute
She's such an angel 
is it just me or I see them being just like the ace family  they started small and got big in a short period of time BUT ILY and you guys are so cute 
her trying to get his attention is my favorite thing ever awhh awwww she literally felt like he was mad at her 
THEY ARE SO CUTE OMG, idk how he kept a straight face like Id feel bad and die laughing
Haha sweet revenge right?
Some one tell me how hes keeping a straight face nah
She should do the "I can't stop kissing you" prank!!
tf is dat
Where is zeus from (bc of his accent)...
btw im from germany so my english is literally worse but who cares 
You guys are too cute
Grace is a bit crazy lol
Sooo cuteee..
Best couple everrrr
 weighing... i dont know how much pounds 
YaaaaaaaaSSSSSSSS me and my sister love u guys
AHHHH I am so exited for this giveaway!!!
Me as a gf like fr
First you ignore me for no reason then you hurt me and DONT kiss it
You guys are so cute together 
how old are they?
Im already four minutes in and I and I feel so bad for Grace
Zeus: gonna turn fortnite 
Me: of course 
Awwwww She's so cute, kind, & funny!!
Also I love the song that you guys use for no copyright
Id love to win bc I always enter giveaways and never ever win and I love yall ur too cute
8:00 
Zeus had the best resting face. Thats acting! Graces reaction though was hilarious. I cant stop laughing
The way Grace reacted would be EXACTLY what I would do. Watching this is was like, wow grace is me
Why does she look like annie leblanc here?? 
4:34 
*Me wearing headphones at max volume*
MY EARSSSSS
Why tf u wearing headphones at max volume?
R.i.p
Team Grace 
U guys should definitely make merch
OMG I LOVE U GUYS SI MUCH
Me annoying my mom when my phone is dead
When she used her foot to act like he was getting a call
Let me win Ive been here since too long
I love her accent so much!! 
Oml I love you guys but lol its so hard to believe grace is older lol YOU GOT SNIPPEDDDD
I love you both so much this was so funny he finally got his revenge  this was so funny
Omg thx so much for the like
Yall are so cayootee
This seemed more like punishment for Zeus 
Shoved foot in face :iTs FoR yOu
PREGNANCY PRANK, PAY BACK
Waiting for Zeus to prank Grace has really taught me some patience haha.
triggered grace: ACTIVATED
This kind of prank i like cuz it's not clickbait
Want to put on the merch... it will make you happy. Subtle plug and she didnt even know it lol
New subscriber
My god this girls got a ton of energy
Ive been watching your channel since the period prank and tbh i havent seen loads of Zeus in the following videos so this is really good x love u guys 
Best YouTube couple for sure. Great video as always!!
Finally, Zeus you pranked Grace Ive been waiting for this. 
# NotificationSquad
I dont have insta
She is one goofy and flexible girl  combinations I never thought I would see in a girl 
@Haley Wilkes haley, I'M WHEEZING.
Then where the hell are you from
Play PUBG bro, not Fortnite 
this channel is so adorable 
*holds foot*
hello call for you
#Team Zeus who on his Team
I havent finished the video, but Im gonna say theres no way Zeus lasts 24 hours... 
She kinda looks like a highschooler
Anyone else fall in love with Grace more cause of this?
Yeahh ps4 baby f xbox
Can you guys be less cute plz
You guys are so cute together. Grace is so funny in this
Omg thx for liking this
She got alote of energy she was rolling all over him
5:21 I bet she googled "What to do if you're boyfriend's ignoring you" 5:32 ohh.. nvm
This is literally too great!!! New subscriber for sure!!
You guys are so cute together!!!!!!
#teamzeus
I love the part where she throughs paper imagining it's money  So cute 
grace: LOVE MEE! what did i do to deserve this!!?? nothing...
Shes literally losing her mind after like 3 minutes this is hilarious
1580957 points to Zeus for controlling his laughter
Is that a nuke code?
Exactly....it was so funny the whole time... she's so cute like a little kid.
Haha he almost cracked it a couple of times but he held it together so well. I have done this to my girlfriend once and it lasted 5 minutes before I started laughing 
Exactly. It was like that he is laughing. But only in his mind
Gffcvmk Ddesz it was probably the gum 
Omg I was waiting sooooo long for this to happen sweet sweet revenge
I love you as a couple<3 kisses from Argentina Grace and Zeus
Grace and Zeus are just the cutest. She automatically thought something was wrong. And the way she tries to get his attention is the cutest. #couplegoals
grace is like a puppy trying to get attention idk how zeus did it lmao
Justbrowsing4lunch I was gonna disagree with you... and then I saw the braces and yeah... this looks bad
shes literally like one of those ankle biting dogs
@Justbrowsing4lunch thought you were just being a dick then I watched the video and now questioning the legality of this lmao
Keeping a straight face would be the hardest thing to me..
5:50 song name?
Always the best
Im from malaysia. I like your channel 
7:56 so cute when she sat on you and you still put your arms around her.
*Love* *Ya* Guys! But please Dont Make This Channel Just about Pranks They Often Turn Out Fake And Just Break Their _relationship_ i hate Prank Wars!
Omg you guys are hilarious i love you guys also zeus i have a question it must have been hard ignoring her right???
Who else is getting jack and gab vibes 
13:32 shes just having fun at this point!
 im  getting a call, oh wait its for you I LOST IT
I wish I could enter the giveaway but I cant bec I dont have insta and my parents dont want me to have it
If my future bf was ignoring me I would be to lazy to try and get his attention
Same !
@DeminisherPlaysYT fr yoo
Ryan lewis Im funny as fucj
Literally me
@DeminisherPlaysYT 
I love the prank war that you people do..!! I have few ideas..!! 
1- Grace wear a scandalous outfit wear wear in public (but dont go..!!) and see his reaction 
2- the tattoo prank 
3- grace wear worst make up to see his reaction..!! 
No harmful pranks.. I want you people to stay together always..!!
Love from INDIA 
Thank you sooo mch for liking my comment..!! It means a lot to meeeeee
Aww she is so cute
You guys are so freaking cuteee ily guysss
Does anyone else feel like hes 30 and shes 14
EEWW HES SOO NASTY HE USES MECHS EWWWWW
"what did i do to deserve this? nothing!"
- grace, 2019 -
Love you guys.
is no one going to say anything ab how she looks exactly like annie leblanc
Omg when she said zeusss 
I died hahahahah  you the best couples ever
Stares at him: HA you blinked I win this is so funny
Her: whats wrong *in soft voice*
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA GET SHREKT BOIIIIIII
Dude I legit saw one video of them and automatically said I'm finna subscribe
Same 
Nakayla Haggard same
awww i felt so bad for grace, she was so cite when she was trying to get his attention... 
shes so cute lmao
The graphics from this angle
 are amazing
Shes adorable
Grace is too adorable  great prank really funny.
Y'all too cute 
Grace act like a little girl 
grace was so funny when she was trying to get his attention. love you guys
I WAS WAITING FOR THAT PAYBACK!!!  love your vids!! 
Came upon your channel with the period prank... binged every video that day!
Yall are too cute! 
Grace might be the master of pranks in the relationship though 
Get my this type of relationship
they have grown so fast
Zeus LOVE ME
love you guys
OMGG. I LOVE YOU GUYS
You guys are goals
Grace was so cute omg I feel so bad also she was like staring contest haha funny  #teamgrace
Zeus has beautiful eyes
Do a  tasting Scottish food or another countries food video
Grace is soo cute, i felt so sorry for her, she did every possible thing that she cud do
I remembered when my baby sister used to pronounce 'juice' as 'Zeus'. Sorry for being off-topic. 
Advantage of being short  u can reach everywhere
ZEUS! Love meh!! 
shes so cute omg
*zips up sweater to be mean*
*unzips bc she wanna know whats up with him* 
She's so cute!
I'd cry if my man ignored me for 24 hours
I like this So much!!
Pleaseeee zeus prank grace once more!!!
It was quite fun watching grace freaking out!!
Ly both!!
Lol he did a really good job I would not have held a straight face 
awwe I feel so bad for Grace 
Grace is so cuteee
Lol this was so funny when grace climbed on him 
ekiyah-lovee which time?? 
I would start laughing
*I kNoW It'S a PrAnK nOw, YoU cAn StOp*
how old is she is she is a kid
Exactly 25,000 views :o
You two are so cute. You can't deny that.
You two are sooo cute 
Best payback ever, 
She had thirsted from her own medicine. 
I love this, say something if you do.
3:26 that is me when i want my sis attention xD
I love how she is just being obnoxious to get his attention  that would be me in this situation  love your guys relationship by the way. It's so pure 
Awwww  Grace is sooo cute and sweet to Zeus 
Shes so funny and cute
Grace: what did I do to deserve this?
Me: probably the period and someone robbed us pranks
Also Grace: nothing
Btw I love you guys!!
Does anyone else like their own comments, no , just me?
Edit: I know I know I hate edits too but this is the first time Ive gotten more than 10 likes!! Thank you so much everybody!!
mAyBe.
Zeus, If she doesnt craft, dont give her the shaft. Minecrafters WYA?
I flipping love you guys! 100% my favourite channel, you two are so cute I love it! 
In Graces solo clip she said the word prank 7 times 
Finally....  Zeus on pranking Grace!!! Omg how would have she felt 
Sweet revenge 
Best couple  Grace was actually too funny during this
This is adorable
YASSSSS!!! I was waiting so long for Zeus to prank Grace. 
yes finally the..........REVENGE 
Grace's reaction to Zeus ignoring her....I'm dead
If you are struggling on merch selling use teespring it's completely free
ahahhaha
#TEAMZACE love you guys so much
This video really reminds me of when they were at the hospital and Grace was full of anesthesia
LMAO, THEY EVEN HEARTED IT.
This was hilarious. Grace you need to get him back    My favourite thing was when grace said bulldozer and roller over Zeus
you want me to read you my speech? THAT WAS SO CUTE
ok. this was so adorable
When she put that song and start dancinggggshes so sweet im in love with her
Awww when Grace said what did I do to deserve this nothing 
im team zrace (zeus and grace) 
Graces reaction was awesome best couple ever
YAYYY ZEUS PRANKED HER YESSS!!
'What did I do?'
'Why are you IGNORING me!?'
'Staring contest, go.'
'What' s wRong?'
'OH what's Up guys?' 
'I'm scared.' / 'You should be.' 
7:53 is so cute honestly 
Oms I could just carry on
Omg shes the cutest!!!!
aw yall are so cute ily
Omggg he did the prank that i requesteddddd!!!!!! YES
I think its impossible to ignore her for 24 hours shell make you laUgh
also that was sooooooo entertaining
Wtf Grace is crazy 
would looooove to win! 
It was so cute when grace was trying to get off the dresser and just crawled into Zeuss arms
This is how many people love Grace and Zeus
Omg no way they liked my comment!!! They r my favorite you tubers ever!!!
The hearts gone cause you edited the comment
Its ok bro...
Oof when you edit the comment the like goes away
@The Efam nah...I wasnt being a smart asd i was just saying btw sorry bro
I have a screen shot of it Ill send it to u... but yea I didnt know it went away when u edit it
I love jou Grace and Zeus' 
Aww shes so cuteee
Everyone else paying attention to the prank. Me wondering how the hell Grace had so much balance on Zeus knees
im suprised that he can keep a straight face
Meghan Adams 
See and tell me 
https://youtu.be/5B-4vyX2yl0
Lol that was me
Because she does cheer
Love from india
Her five foot self climbing up on his shoulders and getting off was literally the funniest thing ever 
Their videos makes me feel single af but I still cant get enough of watching them
Is the *Zace* fam international yet???
Hi from Egypt 
Oh Zeus....BEST PRANK EVER!!! Lmao she believed the whole thing Grace u fell for it whyyy!!!!!
She's really cute  
Best wishes for you to from Germany! Hope you have a great day
Im so glad I learned about your YouTube channel you guys are so cute! I love your prank videos!
Wow so persistent I would have given up a long time ago and taken a nap
christy akiba mood
Whats your epic lets duo?
I feel so bad for graceeee 
Idk what I love more.. y'all together or the fact your parents named you Zeus. 
I dont have an Instagram I had to delete it for personal reasons :( but its okay Im not just here for the give away !!!! Love you guys and ik you will go a long way 
While other girlfriends are getting very pissed off at there  boyfriends...grace is not and has a very different reaction from this prank
@Grace & Zeus I need your DNA
She's so cute and tries to make him laugh haha!
Because its staged...
He looks 30 and she looks 15..
*their
Grace your so adorable 
I DIED OF LAUGHTER when grace started putting her foot in his face and pretend it was a PHONEEE 
*I love this YT channel!!!*
You guys are literally the cutest couple ever keep doing what you love
Soo cute!!
Couple goals how she took so long to actually get mad
its so cute when grace is trying to get his attention 
2:57 that actually scared me 
3:20 Wow Grace has got good balance and I just find it funny how she was like 'look at me'  
5:34 i wouldn't be able to not laugh
funny asf
Zeus what's your PSN/Epic ID? We should run some games sometime!
My Epic ID: AyeJayDGAF, we love you guys and are so happy for your merch! :)
How can you not laugh ?
 I mean I would die laughing in the floor
Grace is so cute
Go Zeus!!!
FINALLY A GOOD REVENGE HAS COME
love the prank Zeus
I love how tiny she is and how she just sat in his legs it's so cute omggg
aweeee y'all are so cute
This is so cute
Zeus was doing it ePiC gAmEr StYlE
#favoriteyoutubecouple
Day 2 of commenting untill they hit a million 
 ooo that sweet revenge prank
You guys are so cute #couplegoals
My fav couple 
Im getting a call , its for you, hes not available right now  loved this
I love it how she was trying to get your attention 
"babe! I'm gonna pick your foot!!!!" I was DYING 
Oh my gosh grace is so cute I wanted to give her a big hug I freaking love u guys and grace; MARRY HIM X
I wouldn't be able to keep a straight face 
Grace is so adorable I'm gonna cryand zues was trying so hard not to laugh I love them sm
I laughed so hard...how can Zeus keep a straight face during the whole prank
i so want him to do another prank on her 'i don't want to kiss you' prank
grace really took time and liked all of the comments :) i love her
i guess you can say im freaking out right now but love you and your videos lots
Ashley Zumbana I love you :)
grace is pretty good at making fortnite callouts tho
abby glad you noticed
Yeah finally love yall hope that you have a good day God loves you and so do I 
you guys are the cutest!!!!!
I love you guys so much. I cant wait for  more merch
YAAASSSS finally a prank on grace!
grace was so cute and funny when she was trying to zeuss attention hahaha
omg i felt so bad for grace this whole vid she just wanted attentionnnn and the things she did for it lmao. but honestly u guys r the sweetest couple ily guys
Awwwwww this is honestly wayyyyyyy too cccccuuuuuutttteeeeee.
You guys are the real couple goals
You guys are ssssooooo cute Im dead 
zues: lays on stomach and does literally nothing
grace: *starts doing gymnastics on his back
Omg ... 146.000 k nowwww Ahhh YASSSS 
Sorry but she has a annoying voice
But they are a sweet coupe
At least I can say I was here before a million
Me toooooo
sarah mack so was I  the OG squad
I was waiting
Im early
I gotta admit Grace was cute
3:36 & 12:16 & 12:31 & 13:49 (and many more cute things Crace did for Zeus attention) when I was little I used to do that to my dad 
@Natalie Menichini 
Wish I had a dad to seek his attention
DontCallMe Rachel hey Rachel
OMG same!!
Grace*
less mean than hers lol
How could he stay serious
Graces reaction was so cute and funny  how did you even keep a straight face ?!
OMG I'm your biggest fan!! I love you guys so so so freaking much!! You guys are literally relationships goals!!! You guys are my world omggg!
Better than jake and tana
I love this lol. Amazing
Wheres the Oscar tho??? 
I wouldve laughed 
This was so good. U guys are so cute
She looks 13 and he looks 20
Am I the only one that thinks Zeus looks so much like Peyton Meyer ? 
Omg Ive been waiting for this prank Hahahah 
HOW CUTEEEE!!!
Grace had the cutest reaction Ive even seensuch a cute couple lov you guys
I love them 
i dont understand how he kept a straight face for the majority of the video i wouldve been laughing so hard 
When she smacked him with the pillow
Omg, Grace you are the prettiest and so adorable and zeus is so cute too. Ah love you guys 
#lovegraus( grace+zeus obvo)
Im still on team grace
Love you guys x been waiting for this x
Please do more pranks! U guys are adorable
14:38 i died
Seriously u need more subscribers by the way im the second subscriber i swear
Ooooh thanks for the hearth i wasn't expecting that hope u answer
Zeus! Love me! Awwwwwww
awawwwwwwwwwwwwww grace was so cute trying to get his attention
Props to Zeus for not laughing at her many times
I ship itttttt
R u married to eachother?.. loads of love
Who else clicked as soon as it went in there notifs??
Grace was so determined to make you pay attention to her I feel baddd 
Bro if that was me and Grace was doing all that I wouldve fucking died laughing straight away 
Cutest couple ever
Her reaction is the CUTEST THING EVER! I love the thumbnail 
Grace, you sound just like me when I talk to my kids when they are on the game. It was especially bad this summer. Glad school started! Good video. Great job keeping it up Zeus!
Her trying to get your attention is a mood And when she stood on you and then sat on you I died. I wouldnt have been able to keep a straight face if I did that.
y'all are so cute!
I'm done with the things for the giveaway but still this was an amazing!!!!! PRANK!! i loved it idk who is gonna win this honestly
Finally 
The cutest couple ,, more pranks 
I love yall video
and here i am, jealous cuz i dont have a boyfriend
I dont know how he was able to keep a straight face at some of the stuff she did I would've lost it.
I luv your videos so much but I am team GRACE
Oh and just noticed that she iked almost every comment wow that's dedication to the channel and her fans
She liked my comment thank uuuuu
I love this chanel so much
Such a sweet revenge
Such an adorable couple God bless you both 
all im seeing in the comments are; you guys are so cute, never breakup, cant lie, its all true :p
I BeLiEvE I cAn FlYYYY Grace 
When she picked up that flute thingy and blew it like, AAAAHAHAHA 
Ughhh I felt so bad for her. Ok but she stayed calm and just wanted to know what was wrong.
#Teamzeus lets go!!
its a deer call grace
U guys are sooooo cutttteee and zues is awesome obvs 
I love you guys and how grace like would not give up
Finally!!! Ive been waiting for you to prank her 
When Grace read the whole entire speech I was dying 
I immediately felt bad for her lol
I died when she started singing I believe I can fly 
Natalie B haha me too  shes so cute and funny 
she kinda looks like annie leblanc does anyone else think so
What is the song that plays in the video?
I am dieing in side
The way she climbs everything tho 
You guys are such a cute couple! She actually thought you were mad at her! 
Omg Im legit dead!
Staring contest
HAHA U BLINKED I WIN
EARLY ilysm cutest couple
"First you ignore me for no reason, than you hurt me and don't kiss it"
an Abi day its what she said
Grace's reaction was so cute
grace is hilarious 
LOVE THE NEW INTRO 
Isaac & Mikayla thank you!!!
poor grace, but that was so fun
4:34 zEus!!
LOL SO CUTEEEE
Grace he cant just stop fortnite haha you two are so cute!
YES ZUES FINALLY DID A PRANK!
This was freaking hilarious
Aye yess now for his pranks
Do a Q&A video
' Staring contest go  '
at last the video we all have been waiting for
btw i love your channel you guys are too cute together my heart melts<3
Finally Zeus got grace backkkk
I love the new intro! Also what is the song that you used in the background?
@  I found out it's where the light is by surfaces
I want to know the song too
@Grace & Zeus you're welcome 
Amelia Thomas thank you!
so cute
I love how even though she thought he was mad she was still being super sweet 
I like the new intro 
AJ Fabian thank you!
Finally Zeus got grace back i was waiting for that
Literally me when my boyfriend ignores me 
Omg finally when I saw this I screamed love you guys
Love you guys  pranks are so wholesome 
Too that one person who disliked this video... what is wrong with you ?  #hatersgonnahate
I just wanna know how he could not laugh when she said i will put my foot in your face. The way she was making those cute noices. I just got to the part where she said your body's to wiggly.
When she start dancing 
You guys should do a video playing fortnite with your fans, including Moi. 
Shes so cute how she trying to get zuse attention omgggggg like a baby
Fortnite!!! Lol
out of all the youtube couples I know u guys are the sweetest 
*Hits head on ceiling fan* I died  Got post notifications for this
My heart is so happy when u guys post a new video 
Omg i can't with you all 
This is video contains a few minutes of Grace trying to use her boyfriend as a jungle gym to make him talk to her.
Alex babahaah
@Jolia Bristhole LMAO SAME
Alex Im screaming
boi u got humour    
Nobody :
Grace : Everybody clap your hands
I actually did it 
How can u ignore the angel ???
awe this was so cute
I bet she doesn't knew about that prank
How did he keep a straight face through all of this
He didn't
cdawg.77 he didnt
"I'm going to sit on you"
*Grace going WWE mode* 
Jesus BLESS you,,,ssoo Much,,Grace!!!!
Done Love you guys
Love you guys so much,  in love with your videos,  Zeus is awesome and grace is super cute lots of love from India eagerly waiting for more videos  notifications are on keep up the good work 
grace is so adorable aw my heart
I could NOT do this. I'd be cracking up the whole time 
What camera do you use for vlogggging? 
I love your videos !
Legit grace says zeus never ignores me when hes mad this gotta be fake still cute loool love yall
@Creatively Ava Have.
you cant tell me youve never talked about someone in the third person while your right next to them
Some people don't they talk and clear out stuffs maybe Zeus is like that
It was funny grace trying to get his attention I felt bad for her  I  love u guys 
wow how did u do that for 20 minutes?
You are the cutest couple i have ever seen...she tries everything that he could talk to her
Omgg who disliked??? Like tf?
Hahaha yesss! I've been waiting for Zeus to get Grace back! I love your vids! <3
i have been waiting to see "prank on girlfriend"
Awww she cares so much and just wants to know whats wrong. Its so sweet
Finally zeus got into pranking
i lowkey felt bad for grace but she did so many pranks on him 
AMya Brock youre not wrong and theres more to come
cutest humans
I missed y'all
Early...you guys are the best couple
love the new intro btw xx
Anna Walls 
Honestly you guys are the most wholesome couple I know and the best one
love you guys so much. zeus finally got grace back <3
love the intro!
Great videos keep it up
Thx god I was waiting for this and for yall to post! 
Ps I love ur bathroom wallpaper
Here's what everyone was waiting for .. yay!!!  Still love you both
You guys should do merch
Yeah lol
Zeus's facial expressions are everything
Love it and Done 
Awww poor Grace she thought she did something wrong
FINALLY!!!!!!!!
How old are you both?
This was so cute ....
Love you guys!
No Zeus whyy to our pretty Grace 
Just kidding
Love u guys
Favorite YouTube couple by far!! Love you guys 
U dont know the ace family then
Grace you said prank 5 times 
Im thinking about doing this next I have to get my boyfriend back from this OVERDOSE PRANK he did on me yesterday 
Shhhhhh dont put that out there 
I've never been this early lmao. And finally you pranked her back haha!
You guys are such a cute couple! im in awe at yalls relationships!
To this day shes still asking whats wrong... 
Congratulations on 100K Subscribers! Hopefully one day our channel blows up like yours did! That was EPIC
Grace & Zeus Youre welcome Hopefully one day we will be able to collab
Thanks so much!
Aww she thought she he was mad at her
Can I plz have the giveaway
love you guys
"You're not asleep...WaKe Up!"
Early! Love you guys so much Zeus has finally got his renege!
WHEN SHE STARTED DANCING I ALMOST FELL ON THE FLOOR JAJAJA
Ilysm
You said prank 6 times
You guys kinda remind me of Marzia and Pewdiepie 
especially with graces voice
I.P. Fishing 
First comment without hear
i can definitely tell Grace edits the videos ahahah
Cutest couple ever 
Who agree?
Omg yesss I love you guyss
I love you best couple 
Dont lose each other because of some pranks
Grace is such a cutie. I love how she just easily can stand up on his legs
How could he keep a straight face, I was laughing this whole video
how he can stay like that without smiling !! Excuse my poor eng
*how can he
Do the Overdose prank! We just uploaded One as well.
22 minutes of grace being adorable 
Madison Bernard 
Such a good video!! Grace and Zeus are literally so cute together!
This was such an amazing video!!
You guys are literally perfect for each other! If i ever get into a relationship, i want it to be like yours  P.S the merch looks AWESOME!
I was hoping you would do this prank.
I hate giveaways bc not everyone has instagram. I did the first two steps though! Love you guys so much !!! Wish I could enter lol.
Zaria Price hmm youre very right. Next time we will see how we can consider this!much love
New subscriber and already love them
YOUR THE ONLY COUPLE THAT LIKE PEOPLE COMMENTS LIKE MINE " Babe what's wrong " Me I would laughed already long time ago
Grace: **gets desperate** LOVE ME!
Can we all take second and appreciate their acting skills? We saw Grace acting before and she's amazing, but Zeus? Wow, dude. My respect. I would've started laughing in less than 5 minutes. Also, you two are so cute together! 
Thea Morgenstern love this
Zues sat on the laptop
The moment weve all been waiting for  Everybody clap your hands   
Jazmine Duran 
Never have I ever seen 0 thumbs down on a video like I see right now. Love it
Let the Prank Wars begin..... I'm so excited! 
#TEAMGRACE OR #TEAMZEUS
So many other couples did this but yall were the best she was Hilarious and acted so well to you ignoring her
Yasss Zeus
I love them so much 
Finally
Laugh it up 
Y'all are so cute together!! <3
finally he pranked her lmao
That must be so hard but it was so cute i love u guys
I love yall so much, and yall are truly so adorable. 
You guys should definitely sell merchandise
Yall are so freaking cute and grace is so funny i love how she sat on his sholders when he was trying to play his game
1:07 thank me later 
You guys are like the definition of #couplegoals! Zeus finally got some payback!... Lol. Poor Grace.
Grace honestly did everything to make Zeus talk to her 
Grace has SO much patience wow
She's soooo cute!
*u cant lie that Grace was so cute when she was trying to get Zeus attention*
This is the type of girl I always wanted. One who would be so adorable and never give up on trying to get my attention. This is the energy I want
This man is damn lucky
How you were ignoring here when she was trying hard to get your attention
Its fcking true
Can i have music name at 5:35? Anybody know?
This is hilarious
They are soo cute 
Poor Grace
Soon can you do shout outs
Yay im finally not late
Haha yay he got you back lmao I loved it 
U 2 are the cutest and yay u got her back go Zeus !!
Lol it's so funny seeing Zeus get revenge!!
Its the worst when its the other way around 
i love you guys so much  u r the best
when grace put the music on and started dancing ahah i died 
@Cyrine Mawla Thanks 
@Rowida Sherif its : where the light is - Surfaces
I need to know the song plz if you know it
Loved this video so much!
Great Video!!
She's so cute lol, and the way she got into his legs
This is so cute and funny and I love the pranks xx
Shes too funny. Her reaction. Climbs on his legs, crawls on his shoulders, smacks elbow- kiss it for me. Ya know the norm 
Weighing I don't know much pounds
Thats normal?
Such a cute couple keep up the good work
Dont know how you did that Zeus hahaha I woulda been laughing too much and felt bad. Shes crazy
Finally  early squad 
I love how tiny grace is!!! soo cuteeee
you are so cute together
So funny! 
You guys are so cute with each other you guys perfect to watch as a couple xxx
Omg I love u guys 
Finally a video  I was waiting.....yeah 
Grace: KISS IT
Zeus:
edit 1: wow thanks for 470 likes
Love this
I LOVE THIS!!!! Also hes finally doing a prank YAAAAAA!!!!!
And can I plz have a shoutout
You guys are so cute
Been waiting yeeesss 
Im going to sit on you..... whats wrong Grace 2019
Eva Atkins 
 that was hilarious 
you guys are so cute together! never breakup  
AYEEE NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!!!
Ooh i was waiting for this  you guys are really cute 
So I was just scrolling through my suggestion list  my eyes fell on the thumbnail image I cracked up so hard 
Finally a Zeus prank
its Zeus's time now ,i've been waiting for this video since forever ,my thumb hurts cuz i clicked on the video as fast as i got the notification XD great video btw.
Why you are so cute like that  my favourite couple so far  love you 
ly guys so muchhhhh 
lmao u guys are amazing
Yes. *ITS FINALLY ZEUS TIME TO SHINEE*
I wish I was grace's friend
Poor Grace. She automatically thought she did something wrong. But love you guys and good prank  but her reaction was the funniest thing i have ever seen.
Beth Colenutt its great payback for her last prank
Hi I love  watching your videos!
This seems like such a hard prank
Hi!!!I love you guys!!!!!keep doing what your doing
you guys are the cutest
Awww she thought you were mad at her   
earliest ive ever been. i love you guys  amazing couple, goalss i hope i get to meet you some day
Hi I'm early
And just wanna say you guys are adorbs #relationshipgoals
Its crazy how much their channel has grown  loving their pranks lmao
Cant wait for more pranks
You so cute guys love u 
Love the video love yall and you finally got her back we been waiting
Yay finally Zeus's prank
Yay a prank from Zeus. I havent even finished watching but I love it already  I love Graces attitude so much 
Finally he got her back Been waiting for this since forever. Love you guys sm !
4:34 grace: zeuss!!!! 
I died when i  heard that
Lol she was extra mad hahahah
Basma Lasfar same it killed me lol
FINALLY A ZEUS PRANK YES!
Finally Zeus got to prank Grace lol nice vid :)
When you are the earliest you have ever been and dont know what to say
I died at her reactions and the way she talks
Your videos make my day
No one watched but 27 likes???
And I am the first comment this never happens to me
Finally!!
YAA FINALLY ZEUS IS AWESOME!
FINALLY! Weve been waiting for this for too long lmao, I loved the video 
Who else was waiting for Zeus to prank grace back?
Me I was waiting
Lol evryone
No views and nd 32 likes 
Guys youtube is drunk
Lit...
Finally you got her. Btw. You guys are like the best YouTube couple in my opinion
neriadriel channel true
Agreeeeeeed
neriadriel channel they are so cute 
Finally a prank Zeus 
First
He was so excited for this prank
yayyy
Litterally everyone waited for this  right ??
#teamgrace or #teamzeus ?
woutje vd aww
@Evie Ward 
@Evie Ward  well that is pretty sad
Wouter ! Their like goes away when u edit the comment
I love your channel!!!!
yayyy its finally Zeuss time to shine lmao
m a  l l e Lmao
m a  l l e yes 
Love you guys, such a cute couple
Finally you got payback
I love your guys channel
First yall are inspirational
Megan Loves Ponies lel Im like so happy they liked it thats my prize
Taggel Maggel when do you want your prize
Hey Im a huge fan love you guys
Love you guys I cant believe this 
I was waiting so long for the revenge!!
I love you as a couple so much and I was waiting for this prank to happen
Ive been waiting for Zeus prank for so longggg  love your channel Im here wayyy before you hit 1k 
Yay finally a prank on Grace  love yall 
Omgg, Yall about to hit 150k already. 
Luv u guys. Can I get a shoutout
Love your videos
BEEN WAITING for you to prank her 
Ayyy love you guys
I love you guys first to comment
abi olivia ..?
Megan Loves Ponies eww
abi olivia nice when do you want your reward
FINALLY A PRANK 
Love you brother 
He Look like the Rap god...
She is Nice Very careing Girlfriend 
Why did she cry? I'm confused
Please dont hurt her man she love you a lot lucky guy best of luck
Wish there's more girl like her in this world full of cheaters and gold diggers
after watching this 
realizing how lonely lam god damm
kismat badalti dekhi
I wish I would have that type of woman in my life 
Such a Cute couple 
She loves you very deep...
After this world also she will stay with you forever...
Masha Allah...
What rock are these women hiding under can someone tell me please, i have never met a genuine woman like this in my life...
Single please leave this video before u feel even more single
Lovely couple 
Hahaha I'm single lol
Tooo fucknnn wholesomee 
Please make videos like these
Really heart touching love reaction from the girl.
Ohh no bro I am not acceptable
One word to describe sweet
Woah she is so amazing I wish I had a gf like her personality and heart 
5:35 tries to grab the boob
Nice prank dude.....
She is a Treasure  So cute So Adorable
I liked this one because you dont have millions of subscribers. Those channels just seem so fake. 
If you dont want to laugh just bite your tongue or cheek.
Ohh god she is super cute
Playing video games be like.
Literally the cutest thing ever, god bless
I did this to my Latina girlfriend and ended up in hospital 
Gear 14 
Looks like 2002
well man you both are great
This is not a great way to treat someone
Aim + women = aim. Aim is very very very important for little life boy's.
I did a mistake by seeing this really I need a Girl in my life
Watching this video makes me want a girlfriend... 
You should've apologized for the tears...u don't deserve her
Sooo cute ...
Wow She cried already that's the cutest thing I have ever seen today 4:55
Single me :
OMG..She ia so cute
Outro Song name please
I doubt about you have a brain.  Thanks to youtube for show me the this video on suggestions
Real gold
Technology can never replace the love
Sweet women 
My single life 
This girl love him so much
that's sweet
Marry this girl 
Dislike to this video because i am single 
Bro Your girlfriend very cuty
Sweet
She probably might thought he was upset, *I mean just look at his upset sad face*
Don't do that broh
Your girlfriend is a paid actress
congratulation dude you've got a Diamond never leave her
 why i'm single. I miss him  .
She loves u so much
U r soooooooooooooooooooooo lucky bro
Why's he look like the Young Markiplier or Earlier Zuckerburg LOL
I don't wanna be single any more
Every boy wants that type of girl ...stay happy guys .....
Do same prank again ignoring your girlfriend
She is a Gem..
Stay Safe,Stay Happy..
Don't you ever ever ever ever..... Ever leave that woman!
Are you so Lucky bro...
One video like this nd then rest of the night i search for wild animal attack,street fights,extreme accidents,Isis fails,one punch nose break.This is damn vicious cycle.
This is a fictional scenario.Even i don't love myself that much 
This is a sex video
i thought that was his mom for a hot second!
Hes a prick for that
I need girlfriend like this
She really love him. Lucky u
Marry her you asshole...she is a keeper ... they dont make   gems like that anymore
Good but c 
I think that other people who do not have a girlfriend or a boyfriend need to be respected because watching this I feel offended and you have just made me realise that I am single and I hate you for that
Ignoring a girl seems like the best way to know what shes actually like 
who are single and watching hit like
Same here bruh!!
I made her cry too.
even i started crying when she did. man you are so lucky.!!
Lucky guy he is being single is a hell
Bro never ever make her sad she's an angel.... you're so lucky to get a gf like that...  God bless you both. And there are so many pranks on youtube but this isn't fake like others.
my gf also likes to prank me... it's been 20 yrs since this prank is going on...
Damn sweetest couple ive ever watched 
Keep Her bro loveyoubothhh!!!
What do u mean by real prank!
Show them this video.
you guys have a really beautiful relationship  wish all the hapiness
OMG very cute lovely wife
I deadass wanna girl like this
Girls are girls man .... keep ignoring and BOOM....tear bomb...
Aw soo me
I just realised you can pull this prank once per person in a lifetime
Love very very love
Really like it.....
Jadi kepingin punya cewek bule
This is so good and brings happiness but the question is why I don't have a girl who treat me like this I will probably die single 
So sweet girl 
If this guy was from bollywood then he would get 50 Rupees less because of his over acting
She is real.....so much
I tried this with my imaginary girlfriend..now she dumbed me..
This is wt the real love
Where i can find a girl like her? She is so adorable, une perle rare
No one girlfriend she is the only one
She likes you very much
Aww she's so cuteee don't ever break up with her dude your a mach made in heaven  
Subscribed u coz of ur beautiful girlfriend..she is so adorable 
Soo cute relationship.
I hope all have that kind of girlfriend.  
hello brother from another mother, she is cute and u not hhahahahahaha
great prank bro
She is the best never leave her 
DO NOT LET HER GO!! I SWEAR SHE IS A DIAMOND
I tried doing that my girl left me.
god gifted girlfriend...
Why do i get alabama vibes from this couple?
So cute prank
Her nature is sachh a good bro never ever left her she will love u a lot     no make up girl she is
  K Y 10X     N
Why I do not like to see people who like to play with women's feelings even though it's only for prank ..
She has very pretty eyes
You are so lucky
This is best I have seen ,she loves him very much...
She thought you're gonna dump her
That was sad when she cried .
U have the best girlfriend ever
Very Innocent girl
she so cute
always be with her...........
she will brokes if you leave her
Wtf..don't talk to them nd they will become horny....lesson learned
that Mw3 poster though
*CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE *CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE *CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE *CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE  CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE *
It was great prank but never leave her dude , she is so cute & sexy. You guys are awesome
It's first time ever in my life that I am watching a single video again and again 
She's gold.
She is a keeper
From how long u2 r together
You are very lucky guy bro
Bro,you better put a ring on her finger.
omg, the way she gently tried to get to understand what was wrong is so adorable.
Theirs so many of these pranks on youtube but once in a while yall come across a gem
Fuck i need girl lmao
am seck
3:10 She: what are u doin?
He: ........
No-one: ...........
Me(literally me, speaking it out loud while watching): he's ignoring you 
I can see it in her eyes she loves you
She is so sweet 
Hit me right in the *feels*
You're so cute
Respect dear bro & sis
You have a good one .
Don't ever loose her dude....dat the best thing dat has ever happened to u, not everyone is dat lucky...
Bro ni akting ooo
Wow U Both Looks so Cute  . 
Blessed You Both ... 
Big up bro
U have got a very caring women
U got a very loyal gf
Why i am Indian because i can't live in girlfriend without married
I need  your  girlfriend...give.me your address i am coming
Marry her 
Such a beautiful couple  stay blessed 
It hurts for me.(single fact)
Never ever leave her plzzzzzzz
I want her if i can ,this video 
Prank starts at 2:11
iyotin muna kasi
She really loves you... #truelove
this is why we need another World War
Love you guys... God bless you both... Don't make her cry she loves you so much...
I  am single...why the fuck is this video on my recommendation?
I need a girlfriend 
Plz tell me the name of intro song
She's really cute plz, don't leave a alone"!!
I hate this kind of pranks..
It just slapping me. "Dude how shameful your life was get a girl pity u"
I wish i have a girl like her 
i wish this girl not you girlfriend only wife <3
*Single* 
She couldnt last 3 mins without you
Best.. one 
Dude never leave her
Bullshitary
There are many you tube channel like this lol 
Sponsored by
*FAMILY STROKES*
imma die single
SHE A KEEPER U JACKASSS... U STICK WID HER LIKE A MAGNET
i wish i could have someone lyk her
name of the intro song??? does anyone know???
She is very honest... U r so lucky bro.
After watching this video
My reaction- damn I need a girlfriend 
@Ziya Lovick well i guess u wouldn't like to be ignored like that from ur boyfriend even if its a prank
Dev Karmakar boyfriend * 
Tu Jake apni Luli hala bhai gf nhi
@Elon musk stole my idea of SpaceX and Tesla ahahahaha
@1000 subscriber with no videos so Russia is the conqurer of Europe huh!! 
respect our feelings guys .. we are fucking single 
Just watched this video ..... Subscribed to your channel :)
I bet she got proud boner reading this comments about her . Anyway keep her she's good person .
3:41 her nose was swolling it means she got emotional. And thinking what did I do.
Bro she is really love you
she is adroable
I even cried watching your GF cry, I was amazed at how much she cares for you not all are like that in this generation. your'e a lucky man bro!!
I am sad that IAM single
She is so careing man  she is made for you  #bestcouples
I'm single and made a mistake watching this
Bro ur gf looks is so inncocent.
So sweet
You r gold digger 
I see true love in her eyes
What a girlfriend never leave her 
Dont leave her dude...never ur lucky
Where tf did you find her iwant of these
I am Single....
And this video hurts me.....
@Shubham Sharma are tum Hindustan Mai rehate ho yaa swarg mai rehate ho tume ne dikraha hai kya ki mulle kitni tesji se bache paida karahe hai aur ed ke din itne hinduo ke murder ki hai in jahil logo ne aur toh 3 bachiyo ka rape karke unka body mutilated kardiya in jahilo ne
@vikas chaudary kaafi controversial baat bol di
@Shubham Sharma yeah really bro they use women's as only production machines of baby mulla
@vikas chaudary matlab.....
Mullo se training leke aa tuje mast halal karna sikhaayenge jaise wo masjido mai karte hai 
So cute bro she was nice to caring u.
That was so cute. She didn't flip out & get crazy.
Don t leave her she is really love u,and god bless both
Why...why us...it's making singles angry...
There is saying which goes like "You are the most lucky person in the world if someone cries for you, on the opposite of that you are the worst person in the world if someone cries because of you" xD
Just loving that love :D
A prank for us single people
Wow You Are a Bitch 
I'm new here. I love both of you and God bless you two
Its hard to watch this as a single.... Man dont loose this girl for any moment...
Sweet
Don't let here Go Man she is Gold Pure Gold
Man marry her, she loves you
love from Bangladesh 
So sweet bro.
Adorable you are lucky
She realy loves u..
She loves you man you lucky
Never leave her.  That type of love is so rare.
is this girl real? I mean now days there are hardly any girl left like her
bruh what type of girls do you know? people in the comments acting like its so rare to find a decent girl
Those dude's chuckles are so cute and wholesome
She is like a cat 
If you ignore her he try to go inside your lap
Shes so cute lol
Dude you should do a prank on your mama by slamming her food that she cooked for you on the ground and say how you hate her cooking and be very rude and mean.
Dude Merry Her 
You are Luckiest 
Wow she so soft take care on her don't let her cry again
Wtf she cries over this? Women are so emotional ...
Song in the vid?
Angel bro
I want a girl to cry for me 
Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahaaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Dude. You are one lucky man. Never let her go. Never
She really love him
After many ignoring gf vedeo 1 vedeo.i got where gf cried really she really care you
I almost cried
Her scalp tho . 
Double tap my comment because i dont have girlfreind
Wow... I really really love this moment...
He is very lucky person
Your Girlfriend Care of you
Please Love her 
Your so Lucky Have Her.
Angelica,Angelica Bongais-Rona So true! I count my blessings daily! 
U found the real human....God bless you
HighSkyBro 
Vary nice bro and sister u r love
Dude.. Never break her heart.. She's a keeper..
@Joey Nichols You're a lucky man ... Stay blessed you two.. Best wishes and love from India 
Soumyadip Paul She definitely is! 
dude is that modern warfare i see having on the wall
Mako Makowa Yes it is! Loved that series so much! 
Oo supeer from Pakistan
Now that's called a real prank, loved it
Sachin Malhotra Thank you! 
Scripted 
@Joey Nicholsokk bro then u are so lucky, she is cutest, god bless u both 
Watch Tube Nah, ill never act or script anything, im horrible at acting 
Me crying  don't do this she loves you
MUNNA M king So true!  I felt bad when she started crying
Lovely couple
Manish Indolia 
She really love you
Gaming with Sunny So true! 
Really good it's not a prank though its but it was good your GF is really   nice and honest don't hurt her.
These girls are really a blessing man hope every girl is like this brah not those gold digger shit 
If you are singles its feel you jealous 
Sub him he need support love u bro
@Joey Nichols love u man love from India
milan kumar Thank you for the support 
bro you got a diamond don't lost it
Hassan Raza So true! 
3:40 god dammm......her eyes
chetan parmar Yea that part made me want to cry even when I was editing lol
Really nice love for us
Cute gf
Mr. BAYOR She definitely is! 
Oosm care my brother. I bless your relation.... &take care the preety girls.... she is real diamond..don't ignore
WoW ...I never wanna have gf but after watching this video I just want to have like kind of girl ..really is Gold girl bro u r blessed with this girl .
All the best bro n take care  your relationship
Bonza Sangma So true! She is truly one of a kind! 
Cute couple. Lucky person deserve it
Awwwww y'all boys in the comment section are so sweet...
Shes pretty nice... the vast majority of women are absolute shit
soooo much love <3
Arkojit Chatt 
You look like keanu revees
@Joey Nichols yeah...btw i'm from indonesia
YoloThe Conquer Really? Thats awesome 
Waaaw amazing love bro you are very very lucky person  couze she love you too much please care her dont do this again cuaze she is ready to share with you any situation you are and care's you... i love you gays long live and love 
If this is not sceripet then please don't leave him please man
@Joey Nichols don't leave him
OK ..... Then rember my comment
Kabir Khan Not scripted at all! Im horrible at acting off a script 
If you leave her you poor mark zuckerberg , I'll unsubscribe and report you.
@Joey Nichols 
Junaid Khan Love this comment 
Best couple i have ever seen 
xander clas of clans Thank you! 
That was sooo adorable I can't
Match made in heaven.. god bless you..
shoaib boghani 
both of you are sooo cuteee...
awsm 
Sooooooooo sweet
bro bro bro  
If you leave that girl, Imma beat you up.  You hear.
AbnerJadeAlexson I hear 
She is diamond 
May God live you long   
asgharali kharal So true 
She is really l u
She loves you a lot don't make her cry
cute relationship
Look she genuinly love u
8:06 Eiffel 65, yeaaaah :D
Dont do that further she is really sweet
true love.....keep loving like that...
Your are so cute
Your gf so cute
She cares , she's sensitive and she's a cuddle bug  bro she's perfect
She is v sweet
All time I say single life rokks and these videos make me feel so sad that I don't have a GF
U both are so lucky ...
She truly has a beautiful heart
@Joey Nichols  why?
sadaf nadeem I couldnt agree more 
Bro am from India and plz do me a favor is to marry her
don't watch this if you're single
Kalai Acierto 
it is too  late
Shit your right
no. this should not be on youtube!
your girlfriend had fan girl here i love her 
When she cried ...
Thanks for liks.
Cute Ever  from india
Your intro is obnoxiously loud.
I wish I WAS HIM:))
Real woman..... You have real effection, love, trust on him.... God bless you both buddies................
I saw many pranks before it....But it was very different from other....I like it love you
Your so mean she actually cried you better buy her some flowers boy
I'm so jealous of you.
trust me bro in this world maximum girl are fake they are gold digger but bro your gf is totally a good girl never leave her
Sooooo cute... Never leave her..... U both r just different... Love you both of u.. From india
Genuine
you are so lucky dear
u idiot fool...... relations arent for experiments or pranks
https://youtu.be/eBSr1oiIDuU#t=4m9s
THAT'S  A LOONG INTRO  LULS
She really loves u bro. U r so lucky!! 
Leave her and I gonna kill you long way here from India
She was the sweetest. A great girlfriend.
Awwwww i love you guys
Do not hurt as long as you are healthy and live
OMFG MARRY HER ALREADY GOD DAMN IT!
You are the most luckiest man for having a such a nice gf
I miss my girlfriend 
 God bless both of you
First i thought he is eminem
Tilt the eyelids
True love
Love it bro
Love it bro
After watching all these "Ignoring my Gf prank" i have come to the conclusion that ALL GIRLS ARE THIRSTY FOR ATTENTION. The want all our time to be theirs and for me thats not good. We have our rights to give time to ourselves.
Cute puppies
Oh my God I really Love you guys
Osm man.
Very cute
You are a lucky man to have her
This looks genuine loved it keep it up thanks for not doing fake prank
you are lucky aff to have this feeling
so Beautiful
Congrats both of you. You won love of many.
 Not only you, but she also is extremely blessed to have a friend like you. If not married hurry up and be model for many around you.
U r very Lucky bro
damn, I wish a girl care about me that much. Never gonna happen tho. Never trust these thots.
 But your girl, she's a real woman.
Dont trust these thots my nigga
Maybe just one tho
nice such a romantic couple yaaar............lloving couple
Marry her dude
if i ever  heard of u hurting or leaving her. i swear i will rush to become isis and come bomb ur ass off , then my soul should rest in peace .
Did you see how softly she takes off the head phone...owww thats cute
sweet ...
She is still a baby she cry to easy
Damn it this is so sweet and I'm here sitting and crying because I don't have a girlfriend.
Om gawd this broke & fixed my heart at the same Time
You are so lucky bro to have a caring and lovable wife. You both are made for each other don't miss her in any Situation...
Very sweet Gf bro
U r nice couple
3:42 b'tful Slavic eyes, 4:37 epic, few men could stand it, if that's ur sweet gf.
Dude your lucky
she really loves you dude
Stop calling it funny she really loves you and she is so cute. You are lucky. 
She cant breathe without getting attention. How pathetic.
Do Prank with your GF like ..... pretend sex with another girl and show us reaction of your GF ......
and those who are single
Nice love from India
Awww God seriously she is so sweet and cute
Lovely ... 
Mark Zuckerberg junior.
DAFuq
Lemme tell you something, you're godamn lucky. Treat her right 
@Jon Levi agreed brother
And she should treat him right too.  Most people dont mention that.  Its  not a 1 way street.
You came for 4:30
Hahaha ur gf so cute
She cried coz she felt that u heard about her second relationship....bwaaaaaahaaaahahahahahaha
@J k stop crying asshole...that was just a joke
Get a life dude
did you know in India half life going single and see what's going on here
Are we going to ignore the fact that he looks like Tyler from 13 reasons why
broom handle
she is cute u lucky bro he loves u alot
She is so nice 
I feel sad for your girlfriend
She is treasure dude. She really care for u bro. Do not let her go. Regards
She's so cute
U so lucky man :-)
You guys looks beautiful together. May God keep you together always.
I had a girlfriend like that I made her my wife and I'm happy I did
Lucky
4:12 he can't hold his love
She is a gold don't do this to here
such love **sigh
It was really hard to see her being so scared
Its not funny. ur making money with her emotions 
She really loves you so muchhhhhhhhhhhh
All these stupid people saying don't leave her. Duhh. Hes not stupid...
He has senses
bro make playlist or make Other channel for Your Gaming, cars and other things, PLEASE KEEP PRANKS AND VLOGS SEPARATE
Dude I didn't watch any Previous of your videos but by this Video I know several hours from now of my life are gonna be amazing. Binge
Now i think the EARTH IS FLAT because someone said that Good keeper womans can be found on any corner of the World then they say Unfortunately The Earth Is Round.  I AM A FLAT EARTHER NOW
OMG I thought I have tea on the table I waited for the video to end and enjoyed after that I saw I have nothing on Table then I knew thats because I was lost in the Video sentiments and there was no tea, the tea I was thinking of was your tea.
You are lucky ! Take care of her and love her and kiss her and make her happy 
Goals
Your girlfriend is an angel man.... Her heart is full of pure love towards you. You are very lucky to have her by your side. Please don't ever do that to her again...!
Let me say it in Capital letters...
U R A LUCKY DUDE! SHE LOVES U! NEVER EVER PULL THAT KIND OF STUNT AGAIN. NEVER DUDE. TREASURE HER! SHE IS RARE!
Your GF is to much innocent , cute and honest.....never make her cry .....love you......bro
@vikas chaudary 
Tumari gf hai kya waise
Even when she cries and mad from you she still hugging you <3 your lucky to have her NEw Sub
Out of all the similar pranks...You're the first I have ever subscribed to. Real heart and tears Don't lose her,She's a keeper
Wow! Great views even with less subscribers! :)
She worry about you
She thinking why you upset
Never leave her
Damn,I'm really jealous hahaha
Bro just don't make her cry again from millions of people she is 1 who littrealy care for you from his core of his heart stay blessed and love from India 
yes love is life
Him: trying not to laugh
Inside voice: dieing of laughter dwl
She is 24k Gold !
She is so cute and caring
He just seen GOT ending that's why he is shocked
Love you brother
You are a lucky man
well, this video is why i have subscribed. Cant wait for more .........
Hello sasha
Sasha Wright hello
so so so cute couple
Brother please try something else ( lots of other ways to make money on youtube)
Please dont prank/ hurt her. Angels dont deserve that
Konsi garh ki Angel hai bhai ye 
this was 4 mins of theie life. calm down.
Oh my god shee really caring you as hell 
She loves you a lot 
(Even tho I'm a girl)- can I have your gf's lil sister? SHE IS SOO GOLD 
I hope she has a lil sister omegad 
Dude you are very Lucky
She is so sweet , dont lose her bro 
Any single here
If i have a gf...i wish her to be like urs...she won my 
Damn there relationship is romantic ass hell
dam she is so much in love with u ....you're lucky guy
Look at that fore kiss dude
I wish me and my girlfriend like that but our relationship now is LDR but still strong  imiss my girlfriend so much
LDR is the worst
That girl relly love you for sure cherish her!!!!!!
oh Your gf belongs to a rare breed of women. You don't ignore this type of women. You treasure em.
You got diamond
God bless yall
u just hurt hr goddamn feeling that was the only one she had
Damn she s hot..don t ever make her sad
U r blessed bro...
I watch 10 times now.. So inlove this couple
Her hands are bigger than his. It's okay, Jesus loves you
At 4:07 you look like Mark Zuckerberg 
so true
This is lowkey best ignoring girlfriend i watch .. Keep doin it broo
I really like the middle part. She really loves you man
That's true love
First time but love you guys so much 
New sub here, just becos you got very few
Can't say this about all women,  but your girl.. she's a keeper
Not all women behaves like this... 
I wish I need a girlfriend like her
Wow nice
so so so cute
Dude never leave her
She's so cute caring loving
Do not doing this prank again
Aawwwww. 
Before watching this videos I thought this type of videos are fake after watched this video really I jealous on you I am going to hit the subscribe button dude.
@Joey Nichols its ok dude expect much from you.keep rock.
Keerthi Vasan Thank you so much! 
And after hard core sex
Cutest couple ever!
Broo she loves u madly 
She is a wifey material . Marry her bro u have real kohinoor in your life.
@Harshit pathak 
Kohinoor hmara he
Just like every girl cant let they mans have they play time
So annoying. Id rather be single than with a person who needs attention to breathe.
fouglous Douglas_YT 
Wow so cute...........blessed
I always love to see couple's video i mean this type of video and your girlfriend was like wow she cares alot ..love your couple from India..
she really cares for you broo, youre so lucky to have that one bro , cos i have too
awwww well you both are like jewels for eachother love you guyz for such beautiful feelings when there is all bad in the world.
Omg she is a very sweet woman.. dont leave her dude!! Or ill kick your ass!  hehe
@Ditmir Ditmir that's right
Andrei Colin me too
@J k he break up if he wants too
fucking idiot
he can leave if he wants to leave her
fucking idiot
         
Hehe nice
that kind of girl, so sweet reaction
You are very lucky bro.
I watched many video's but your this video stole my heart  I just say that you both are so lucky & blessed at same time I wish this love, Care, andhappiness stay always  lot's of love from india 
Theyre lucky  if thats what they want. 
I would be unlucky if there was a girl like her in my home.
Singles sabam ungala suma vidathu dawwwww.!!!!
@Bharath Kutty Athuku karanam porama ellam illa...........
. light ah porama tha.......
Ada paavi.. Nanum single tha.. Athukku en ya sabam vidara.. 
Ewwww  So   Cute
She really care for u bro 
With her reaction and words, I would say she is truly the one for u. Except for prank videos, don't do anything else that will break her heart.
John cusack is that u
you should know this could happen my friend , i could not make my gf cry even if it's for a joke :-) i guess it's my weak side  ^_^   i was happy to see that she's okay with it do :-)
Shes truly a keeper bro! Much love and respect from Texas my man!
Don't ever make a "good woman" crying, dude.
She is the part of your bone.
Buy, above all..nice video.
Mard Sinaga it*
@Sulaiman shah syed Don't take sit so serious too.
@NotoriousRedandYellow I am not mad, bitch pukimak. Back to you, just don't take it seriously.
@Mard Sinaga I know the meaning, I'm just trying to be sarcastic bruh
@Mard Sinaga that was a joke bitch! Just don't get offended or mad at me.
She is so sweet
 this is why people cry after breakup!! when U are so fond of each other this much
shes fucking beautiful!!!! id never prank her like that
Do a prank you got murder.
ur gf is beautiful and very shy
This couple is so amazing plz subscribe his channel for this simple love
Hmh..she's a kissholic
More pranks love the vids by the way even tho there are not alot but I want more vids
She really cares for u 
She loves a real 
cute couple
How sweet is your girlfriend gorgeous
Lucky guys...
Nice prank bro . love from India 
@Hi Fi Football what brother?
Why India not Pakistan boooi
U both look great together god bless u brother
this was not funny but it was sooo cute
I have seen many of these pranks but this one is the most genuine and best prank ever 
Don't worry am here
Bro never leave her, she is a keeper, ,girl like her is rare and hard to find these days, cheerish her not everyone has a luck like you...if you ever try to leave her bro I will be fkn mad cause that will be a stupid decision
Well its his choice if he wants to leave her or not.  No need to act like you know her more than he does.
sam clark Thank you, and same to you!
Good, anyway new subscriber here  have a good day ahead 
sam clark Don't worry, i'll never leave her, ever since I met her i've been stuck on her and she's the only girl i've ever cared and loved like this! 
I bet she's a Cancerian
She's so romantic and loves you so much
she is a gem in a world full of filth ..never let her go ..this I'm saying after I found my girl was cheating on me and when confronted she told me its fine and I can also cheat on her once when I said this is bullshit she accused me of being over controlling.
man she is gold... treasure her  ...peace and love to u both from kashmir
Kashmir Vlogs wonui na mool chusai
kuseh chuk hahreh
Kashmir Vlogs maaje ha prazi mool ha chusai
@Usman 025 hahaha zukeh che kusi  chuk
Kashmir Vlogs lazmaya sesa kya chukh karan yete
Your 929th sub is here
@Joey Nichols keep growing
Princess Riku Welcome! Thank you for subbing! 
Oh god...plz give me such a caring gf ....
She is true love
I love this channel keep it up m8.
first YouTube couple i think  is real
I am 816 subscriber..
Random empire Welcome! Thank you so much for the support! 
My wife is complete opposite...
Treasure her...marry her...trust me on this one
If you test her, she will leave you if she doesn't love you, true love don't break easily
@abby Ask for a prenup and you know if your girl is true
Landen Drake edgy
Marriage is overrated dude.
Bro,you r  too lucky to get this type of girlfriend.seriously bro.  she is very  very good.pleas  don't hurt this type of woman.She really love u.Give thank to the GOD. I am from India.
Both look so cute 
santosh singh Thank you so much! 
She is totally love with you..
God bless   u guys!
Love from India
Your very lucky man
Nice one dude, very emotional.
Not really
Thats a keeper my guy. We need more girls in the world like this
Sorry man,we exist though b/w a good video and she is amazing:-)
Keeper?  Lol in his dreams.
First time in my life I've seen a russian woman in tears
hahaha dude
So cute 
Waaaw
i would cry too if i was in her place , and my bf love to tease me and i end up crying because i am always scared that something bad happened to him and i want to protect him and see him always smiling and happy
lucky babs...
Nicely done
Idiot you made her cry.
Man..I cried
She is a Keeper 
The luck u got is amazing
aww that's cute
This is all i ever want in life
That sort of girl
This sort of relationship
@Joey Nichols your 15 years old?
Allah has prohibited relationship before marriage
@Jon Levi idk I kind of like cuddling, and a little more than cuddling if you know what I mean. Lol don't mean to be over the top but I got some personal needs too. I just sometimes don't like how I would have to spend a lot of my time comforting another person and spending loads of money on them. Depends on your partner though. I'd have girlfriends in the past who were quite lenient with me and my free time, while others would be a headache and not even let me spend time with friends and stuff.
Being single aint bad either.  I love it. Maybe its my personality but I prefer to be alone at home and do things I love to do.  I'd get annoyed if a girl wanted to cuddle all the time.  Eww
@Topu Baksh takes not only luck but a good personality too, I'm sure there's a ton a reasons why she loves this dude a lot. Shows the type of guy he is to have her as a partner.
She a keeper . Don't ever leave her.
no over drama nothing at all...  unloke other girls with so little makeup she looks much more cute than other youtuber girls... but the most important aspect of her is her attitude and expression .... her whole approach makes this video epic.... #relationshipgoals
realy lucky man..
Don't hurt her..she is not so available in this world...
You are lucky ... your girlfriend  so loved you .....
Be happy for always don't leave your Queen. I m your new subscriber . Now I am your friend.
I want this kind of wife 
@the last jedi feminists took over
god stopped making them long ago
God bless her
Man she is so loving and caring.we need more people in general like that in this world.
You look like Zuckerberg
Lol duuude he does!
Ramdin Thara hopefully he can become as famous as him 
real love looking
Lol just subscribed. You deserve way more than 400
Joey Nichols no problem
Anonymous Hunter Thank you so much!
She's a keeper.......
Jimmy Lalhriatpuia Indeed she is!
u meraej in girl
so sweet lover 
Oh no no no no. Your gf belongs to a rare breed of women. You don't ignore this type of women. You treasure em.
@Vaibhav right bro
@Jon Levi so you always ask your girlfriend before you kiss her....bullshit....your statement doesn't even make sense!!
that "RARE BREED" thingy haha
Dude lucky
nitin nishant absolutely tue
You're one lucky guy, man.
she really cares for you bro 
ilub her 
Never make her cry again bro...shes one in a million
Bro its too rare to find A girl like her she really loves you and that's to rare 
I mean i have gf but she doesn't care 
Now i am single and feeling alone but its hard to express you guys are to luky to be in relationship 
Narendra Malyal That is so true but ohhh nooo bro  I feel for you
More Pranks
  D Will do! I have a lot of ideas for the near future!
Of all the similar pranks on youtube, this one was genuine. Please remain genuine. Thumbs up
@Joey Nichols yeah...it seemed real but all others seem so fake you can say right off
Muhammad Umar Thank you so much! All the pranks I will do are not going to include any acting, all real reactions! 
Do another one I loved it do a prank about cuddling her until she gets annoyed
@Joey Nichols Dont disturb her man 
Raphael O. gamer I will definitely do more pranks since I love pranking Emily so much  I don't know how I could annoy her with cuddling but i'll try my best 
she's so lubby dubby for ya bro 
Bob Becker So true 
Best ignoring prank
Al Math Thank you!
OMG you guys so cute 
Like + Subscribe + Favorite + Share.. 
t7am3r Thank you so much! 
God bless
und3rgr0undfr34k Thank you 
She is the best !!
Abhinav Anand She really is!
She is real "Gold" among all those "gold Diggers"
Never leave her Dude!
@Joey Nichols she's much like my Russian sister ( take care of her like she care of u ) 
if u ever brock up i would be saaaaaad
Yeah reall gold
@Aman Arya but if she is gold among gold diggers ? then gold diggers are just diggers now ?? if yes , then diggers are actually not bad as god diggers .. cause gold is not they are digging ,.....
@dallas yap oh okay , thought the person meant gold of the gold diggers , ( super gold digger )
@Aman Arya Exactly , i am the only one of high IQ here
Very nice
You are so fortunate that your girlfriend care about you . I have seen girls they will say Ok you watch PC I will go on shopping now . Meet you in the night 
I am searching for sucha gf but 35 years gone from life 
@Joey Nichols I watch this video almost 20 to 30 times . Superb . Reflects what is call real love . Now a days hard to find. 
That's my bro
Vinit Gavankar I know right!  she reacted far different than I expected and different than any other video I have watched on this prank 
You should've got more likes man!
faustinjude fx Thank you! I hope to get more though 
She really cares for u 
@Joey Nichols she is damn cute man she is really sensitive about .i think ahe is most beautifula girl after your mother.she is so caring and understand u.
FUTTULIYA Aalo She definitely does! 
wow this is really satisfying to watch 
Buddy...you got content but you suck at marketing... that is making sure that your videos hit the YouTube algorithm...DM ME:@VIKRAM_VATSALYA ... I'll help you out...
Awww you made her cry i feel so bad for her lol
Vinny is this you???
Karissa be like: "He got a knife?"  11:37
I willlllll be your biggest fan in life time
it's to mutch...
LMAOOO HES HOLDING THE KNIFE WHILE SAYING HE JUST WANTS TO TALK SKJSJA
at this point they should know theyre pranks lmao theyve done like 384,846,263,724,937
Karissa:making those sounds
Nate:heartbroken 
Me:crying even I know that this is a prank
That was so funny good job karissa
Whyyy is it sooo funnnyy
*grabs knife*
,,I just want too talk"
Nate : grabs a knife 
Nate : just wanna talk 
Everyone : RUNNNNNNN !!!!!
Karissa : oooo ahhhhhh oooooo dont stop baby !!
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
9:36 lol 
Karissa is a whole mood
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
I can't even say it
Hi can I have a shoutout I love you guys your the best couple
Please can I have my name on the wall I watch u guys all the time ur soo cute together x  would rlly mean a lot xxxx
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
I would've beat down that door like Rodney King
I want to be the fan of the week
OMG WAHAHAHAHHAHA
Next level jake Paul ere
I hope.i win anything haha even though im in the ph. Hahaha i really lav yah guys
He must be quite innocent" not knowing that was a prank the moment she opened the door, saw him and continued
Its weird cause my name is Karissa
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
when she says it feels so soft (she talking about her clothes and him thinking of sum else)
funniest prank ever
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
Y'all put the same thing in every video
karissa just hitting her thigh and laughing and nate having a whole panic attack is hilarious
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
Your the best family on YouTube
Imagine what he was thinking the girl he is planning to one day marry was..... cheating on him wouldnt u react the same tho
KICK THaT SH OPEN
I suspected my wife of cheating on me but I never had any proof. This went on for months, I didn't know what to do. i was so paranoid and decided to find a solution, i saw a recommendation about a private investigator and decided to contact him. I explained the situation about my wife to him and he said he was going to help me.I gave him all the informations he required and afterwards i received all my wifes iPhones Text messages, whatsApp messages and calls, I was hurt when i saw a picture of my wife and her lover. I feel so bad about infidelity. but i am glad Mr James was able to help me get all this information, you can contact him via Gmail (worldcyberhackers) or whatsApp : +12678773020
If this was my house I wouldve kick that f door open
hahahaha exciting videos
to success
"I JUST BROKE MY HEADPHONES OVER YOU!!"
omg i cant
Nate: open the f**k up( has a knife ) 
Karissa: *is slapping her thigh just chilling out
When she put the crown on lol
Him: *holds clothes up to door like she can see it* who's are these wtf?
Karissa :it tickles 
I died 
Bruh he sound like the dude on the movie unfriended
This is by far my favorite prank that Karissa did on Nate!!
he grabbed a knife what the fuuuuck bitches saying they want a guy like this NO WTF HE GRABBED A KNIFE A K N I F E
Nate whas right this is like the best prank
nate: yes, I've been here for five minutes!
YOOO I LOST IT LMAOSKSKS-
Good actors
I want my name on the wall please I love you y
I am dead 
What did i do to deserve this? god that was touchy
My parents just heard it and they where like 
Staged af 
How is she stronger than you bro 
He was freaking out so hard I could literally see  his knees shaking at one point
i cried 
Thats just sad she close the door you and you just went to the gym
HES SO PYSCHO ITS SO FUNNY
How did he not push the door openy
I love you guys
3:56 and flash to present day, and in the our dream vacation video- 25:57 (in the other video)
"how do I look from this angle?"
*diScUStiNg*
Also, you realize how many porn vids she had to watch, just to find the right one........... *cricket* ...........
Also, I know that this video is staged, but the acting was really good! I was laughing so hard, cuz there is people who stage the pranks, and the acting is horrible, you can easily tell. But you guys did is good, I'mma sub right now.
I wanna be the fan of the week please! Ive been a fan of you since your first vid, I saw u guys vid I was liek nahh , but when u guys prank each other when u guys were best friends u guys MADE MY DAY! Please and now u Guys are marriedAAAHHH PLEASE LET ME BE THA FAN OF YOUR GUYS WEEK PLEASEEE MY NAME IS @jheicellelazo
Literally the best prank
i love relationship like this ! karissa sho cuteeee 
" Well, well, well, how bout you bow down to your Prank Queen B****" ... 12:13 ! you two always come in at each others weakest moments, its so beautifully done !
krissa i m her  opin the door
HAHAHAHA
Apriteiate the little tings nates d!#
Hes a bitch Id break the door down in seconds
2:29   
Bich bich bich
she was strong as heck to close and lock the door *ON A MAD MAN*
9:05 the way his voice breaks into a crying voice truly just broke my heart. He loves her so much that it touched my heart so deeply 
Like with no reason 
I wanna win fan of the week
12:09 *I LOVE HOW SHE CASUALLY PUTS THAT CROWN WERK IT SIS YASSS*
Hahaha i fucking died multiple times
My heart is in my balls right now 
I'm gonna comment on every platform you have so I can maybe possibly get the PINK Mickey mouse BIG w HOODIE please please please
Knife lol
That movement Nate knows he fucked up 
FROM WHIP TO WHOA I'M HERE FROM THE POWER OF DREW GOODEN TO KRIS CONNER NOW TO HERE
done :)
Bow down to your prank queen bitch 
11:32 hahahahahahaha
Well well well
*When he's so mad, the demon decides to move the clock*
lol @ everyone believing this fake shit.
He's like I just wanna talk with a knife in his hand 
Kid's close your eyes lol
I kept going back in this video. Im honestly thinking why is this in 1 Millions views only? Deserves moreeee
I'm always laugh at this video
She the fucking bitch that wat she is
Shes funny
I just wanna talk and his holding a knife
*nate full on yandere mode**
He had knife in his hand
She looks so much like Billie eilish
Youtubers like this could just cheat at any time and if he comes home just throw the guy out the window, lift the camera and say it was a prank.
i wanna be in that board!!!! i am just so sad i have been texting every youtuber and have been commenting but nothing happend :(
You literally tell us you finna fuck
can we just talk about what a power move karissa made when she opened the door and was like give me a second and then went right back to cheating
sorry i couldnt watch the whole video, youre editing is wayyy to much
the door doesn't have a lock ... ;()
I really want to win please im a new aubscriber
I love how hype nate is i subscribed love you guys
When she got the Jesus book I died.
I bet after this he is gonna die from heart stroke or low blood pressure or get type 2 diabetes like I feel soooooo sorry for him
U guys really pranking each other?
When he got the knife I was like OOOooOoooOoooof
I just want to fucking talk 
Lol  
I love y'all. LOL tooooo damn funny 
Why did she sit on the bible
That book she has Jesus calling, was wrote by my step dads sister and brother in law. (Sarah Young, Amos Young. I call him famous Amos)
He did look like thanose
Grabs Nife I just wanna talk
Literally every guy ever
SHE LITERALLY USED A BOOK LMAODOSOOAJ
When she opened  the door  ,roflamo!!!
The way she said I was watching porn is hilarious 
@12:15 Well well well how bout you Bow down to yo prank queen BITCH 
my boy had a knife on hand and still yelled
 "I JUST WANNA TALK"
She sat on the Bible!
Youre main democratic is like 9-16 year olds so no other age would be sliding in either of your DMs .
Get a room
Love you guys 
the boy was hold a knife 0_0
"I just wanna talk  ".
I must have watched this 20 times I cant stop laughing  her acting his reactions omg freaking legends !!
"What did I do" Nate mah heart
Starts at 7:22  and remember  take big W's
Can I get a giveaway
how did she not even say lets talk about the knife. she ignored it. once he found out she didnt even ask him about the knife 
Love u guys
Would a guy really believe this?
This is the most cringest thing ever
so fake
This is by far one of karissas best pranks and I say the because it shows how much you really love her nate and I love that you are an emotional man and I love that!!!!
Weeeellllllll wellllllllllllll welllllll bow down to the prank queen bitchhhhh
ok am i the only one who doesn't find it funny and is concerned that nate would even have a knife in this situation
bow down bitch
super couple
Awesome
Sana all 
I love these two x
Love  your vids
Ay bruh im botta get on  yo gf cus she took my shit 
That ooh shit mines
Whenever he says her name I feel like someone is talking to me because my name is Carissa just a C instead of a K
fakeee
She grabbed A Jesus Calling book 
Shameeeee!!! #GarnerGang
omg karissa 
Smartness is important in marriage and in a relationship and Im glad that cyberhackinggenius helped cloned my husbands phone. I got access to all his dealings both on phone and social media without touching his phone. All I did was share my husbands phone number with Cyberhackinggenius and I was able to read both his new and deleted messages from my phone without having to touch his phone. My husband was a cheating Narcissist and Im glad to find out all his secrets and infidelity with the help of cyberhackinggenius. Im here in UK and able to access my husbands phone messages with a link on my phone even while he was away in Canada cheating on me. I got to discover that my husband who is legally married to me here in UK is also recently married to another woman in Canada and Im finally going through a divorce with lots of evidence against him. I read all deleted and recent chats on his Whatsapp, Twitter,Facebook,Instagram messages and Skype. You can contact this great hacker Gavin via Gmail (cyberhackinggenius) or text and speak to him directly on his phone and WhatsApp : +19256795146 and I hope you find peace of mind after finding the truth just like myself.
You are so fucked up mehn
I want to win
He has a knife  scary. I was scared when I saw he had a knifes in his hands 
I think he wanted to break the door to enter but then said nah I don't want to buy a new door
these porn noises can stop now cause that shit was nasty
I want my name on there
wow you are the prank queen !!!!
I love them!!!
I love how psychotic he got
Throws the headphones .....
Realizes he broke HIS headphones 
Awwwww
Karissa:oh my godddddaqwasnf soooo sawftttttt *dies inside*
Kid:YOU NEED JESUS
Am I the only who knows its scripted but still watches the whole video?
I love you guys so much I which you every day lol and take a BIG W
And u have to think . During this whole process he was buying her an engagement ring and planning on proposing on her .  and she did this prank 
You're really a good actress
ARE SERIOUSLY GOING STILL
I love how he grabs a knife 
Nate: I just want to talk 
*PRANK QUEEN BITCH*
Well technically he did this to you multiple times
Well well well now down 
Omg Karissa. Poor Nate was in full panic mode. You guys are so funny And so cute together.
You are the  QUEEN. 
this screams single in every way
bro dis fake
Well..well...well, how bout you bow down to your prank queen BITCH 
prank queen bitch
that one meme " you need jesus " XD
I subscribed and post notifications pls can I win!!!!!!!!
16:59 Im coming home.. the fuck you are!! Hahaha
YouTube: pornhub wait thats illegal
Why did he hold a knife would he stap the guy if their whas a real dude
**grabs knife**
Nate: I just want to talk
Chenee Holt i dont even watch family guy haha
You got that from family guy!
#GARNERGANG
I love watching you guys! 
Awww i love u both n ur videos was all good its makes me laughed... cried ..emotional...so good its mskes me remembered my boyfriend lol
HE GET A KNIFE
this needs subtitles lmao
Dumbest thing I ever watched
Well its entertaining, far from believable, it's set up ,that door would have come down if it wasn't fake
Worst acting ever
Starts at 5:26
Me knowing what all this is and what it means disturbs me that I like it? This is like my 10th time watching it I dont know why
Almost hit her with bottle
From philippines and I love this two
i love you guys u always put a smile on ppls faces even mine and u two are the cutest couple <3
:throws knife onto counter: FBI OPEN UP
karissa is soo cuteee
That  accent. Tho 
When he picked up that butter knife.  I-
I would love to win fan of the week and Karissa is the queen of pranks
her slapping her leg just chilling and nate with a knife in his hand about to kill someone imdyingggg
HER LAUGH IS SO WEIRD LAMO
Can I have the fan of week plz Ive been a fan for a long time
No one: 
Literally no one: 
Karissa: grabs a fricken BIBLE to make sex noises with  im fucking dead 
Theyre.. so energetic... wow
It's the best prank ever on this chanel x)
These pranks are messed up 
I did it
How u sure thats his biggest fear
My moms gonna think I'm watch porn lmfao
this dude is such a pussy
I want to win I love this chanale
Im dying... 1:44 - 1:51 
Nate you should do a condom prank on karrisa 
Hes Throwing a lot of stuff at the door
Ive seen this a million times and it never gets old
Who else has been following them since only 100,000 subscribers? Cant believe you are over 1 million already!!! Love you 
I want to win the grass wall
I am reporting this.
She said ooh yeah it feels so soft 
PLEASEE can I be the fan of the weeek I love u guys so much and admire you I think you bring such positivity to YouTube and the people around you thank u so much I love youuu 
These are so scripted but it is fun to watch lmao
Ok when he threw those clothes I was like
shit bout to go down
He sounds so hurt my heart 
Starts 7:22 lol
lmaooo
Hahaha cheezit!
6:02-6:05 I feel you
She said  Bow down to your queen B**ch!! LOL
Karissa- WhY DoNt YoU bOw DoWn To YoUr PrAnK qUeEn BiTcH
Nate- FuCk YoU
they so cute
They come up with this crap together and do it bravo 
He is going insane, psycho XD Overprotective you know you got a caring bf YESHO.
this is the first video i watched of u guys and now ur getting married <3
i hope i can make a chance to win the give away  probably not
you guys are so cuteeeeee
you guys  are amazing i love you guys so so much
Nate about to pass out and all 
yandere nate
You guys are lol
it start at 7:22 
lets not forget the fact that shes stronger then him 10:30
@imreallyhandsome just stop, get some godamn help
It's a lot easier to hold a door shut then it is to force a door open. You just use your body weight to support the door and position yourself so if they try to use any force/momentum to force the door open, you can react and push the door back. A lot of experience with me and my siblings doing this to each other lol. Good times :P
@Tyler1 has autism I didn't cry? How would u know if I cry? Plus it's just words bruh  not emotional too Lol?
@imreallyhandsome init  like we get if he is stronger but you dont need to cry 
Dishfish55 its not that big of a deal
Whats that music at 14:14?
is this a prank that's really funny what's the CU 210
"Please, I really like him!"
"OH YOU LIKE HIM? MOVE!"
grabs knife ''I JUST WANNA TALK''
i want his personality in a person
i do not think i will win a giveaway cause i live in denmark but stil
i watch your videos every day
i love you gayssssssssss
I want to be  fan of the year
who else is here after they got engaged
Team Karissa Perioooodddtttttttt
When you realize Nate was gonna propose to Karissa so like...
Sex sounds made me uncomfortable  but her attempting to make em was hilarious 
Damn, I havent seen your guises channel in so long and yall grew. Like I was here since before 100,000 subscribers and I havent seen yalls channel in like a while.
wait what if it rains? what will happen to the furniture up there?
I love you guys so much x
7:52 *dog barks*
this is exactly how my brother would react if he thought he was getting cheated on, only difference is he would of kicked down the door.
We can make our own porn, hulk smash.
When she was touching the robe I was like 
All the dislikes on this video is Nate on different accounts 
Fucking millennials
Cheatingdoorlockiskindasavage
"i was watching porn" AHAHAHA
Bruh he mad mad
the prank starts 7:55 thank me later
I read several comments here on YouTube, when they recommended a hacker, about him hacking into their partner's phone. I message him on Instagram @redhackpro when I suspected my husband cheating and you wouldn't believe this hacker helped me hack into his phone without any glitch. He did it remotely and swift and his service cost me a few bucks, the hacker's whatsapp +1(937)815-1491 is for anyone that may require his help
Did I just see Corey Sherer's  vine?
*I JUSST LOVE HER TURTORING HIS BOYFRIEND*
Kinda felt bad for Nate tbh
Hes so sweet 
New thumbnail
Soooooooo fake
nice prank
i wish i have a boyfriend like that
He has anger issues
"ItS sO sOfT" rAnDoM kId: yOu. nEeD cHeEzE iTs!
Yooo wassap with these white boys having makeup on lmao
Karissas laugh is so cute
My volume was up way too high bro
I wanna be the fan
I want to win
I love you guys so much . Even though I jus found you guys a few weeks ago..I'm truly part of the  Garner gang
Fake OWWW
Real oww
Has knife and is angry I just want to talk.... 
when she gets on the camera u die bc u can see shes dieing of cringness
Ewww stop kissing
Who is laughing
HE GOT A KNIFEEEEEEEE(her facials had my dyinggggg)
My friend recommended this
She's used the book said Jesus Calling on the cover for her sex prank hahaha
I am new to this channel so can someone tell me what the W means on the grass wall?
Wins. They take big Ws which means big wins
the bottle throw at 12;00 jesus christ dude
The best BOYFRIEND reacion EVER!
P.S did anyone notice than at the end Nate was almost crying
I never saw NATES REACION LIKE THIS.
Every boyfriend reacted a little bit better i mean THEY WEREN'T THROWING THINGS TO THE DOOR AND....
A KNIFE
WTF IS WITH THE KNIFE!!!!!
SO FAKE:.....not good actors!!  and ppl here are so ignorant believeing he fell for it
nate: *holds knife*
nate: *HERE COME NATEY
I wanna go back in the womb I hate real like 
 felt that
My favourite prank
They are going to need a new door after this lmao
Omg stop it"...wtf did you just say  I'm dead
8:55Haha
How did she close the door after he bodyslammed it LOL
We are in 2019, please play ACT WELL or do not make FAKE PRANK!!!
Its so cringe how fake these pranks are .
I think that Karissa is so awkward doing this prank.
Great prank
I would love to to be fan of the week so much I luv u guys I pet fur to go by EmilyM
anyone at all believing this is real?
Lolll
Wow that was good. He was maddd lol
Am I the only one who loves how he still responded to her calling him baby
My bf would kill me.. even with just a prank 
I like how she slipped on the crown while he was opening up the covers
Why did he have a knife when she opens the door I was scared for her life.
He was about to OJ simpson you
Where is my iPhone ?my 7plus is old
11:09 what she blurred out was fuck u and fucking
Iloveyou guys 
that 'my heart is in my balls' lmao
omg HAHAHAHA this is hilarious f
what the fuck he's holding a knife!
this is the reason not to subscribe Lolz she was doing sex with the invincible man 
Omg!  U guys r just FUCKING adorable...  Awwwwwwwwwwww! 
If women do this kind of prank to his man, then it means she is trying to get something off her chest that really happened.
you ever wonder if the person who's getting pranked knows its a prank but they just act like they don't know?
Baby are u there 
YEA I BEEN HEAR FOR FUCKING 5 MINUETS LOL 
You got my husbands US Army support here!! Hes non stop watching yalls amazing videos keep up the great work
im so glad he actually cares and loves her bc sometimes i feel like he doesnt. but im glad he does bc theyre literally soulmates.
I love you guys 
It looks kinda fake
Tha part that made me laugh was he said I broke my headphones
12:18 - 12:22 ! Okayyy dang!!!
And his new headphones 
He gets a knife
he is so cute!
Well well well how bout you bow down to your prank queen bitch 
#cheating
He really loves this girl... 
Nate- my heart is in my balls right now 
Karissa giggles 
NICE PRANK HAHAHAHA
Gosh i love y'all sm
nate: I JUST WANNA TALK
also nick: *holds knife*
i feel all guys rage with anger lol guys get so agressive
I wanna win that fan of the week
12:50
nate: my heart is in my balls rn
also nate: *puts his hand on the right side of his chest*
*I started dying when he ran to the door with the knife.* 
Her slapping her thigh and laying down while hes having a full mental breakdown is such a mood
Oml when she turned on the video I laughed so hard at her face
This channel should b the biggest on youtube honestly.
1:48 IM GONNA MARRY THIS MF iykyk
The fact that she shut the door on him and he couldnt open it
The notificaten is always onand l love you guys so much... l like you guys so much to
You guys make me sick. You wanna know why!? Because you make me wanna have a cute relationship again. So fuck you 
Done!
when he threw the water bottle i fell off my chair
Did anyone think that she look like harlequin
i m crying
hiii im a bigg fan frommm thee philippines
hiii im a bigg fan frommm thee philippines
9:39 owww-cha THAT HAD ME DEAD AHAAHAA
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK is that how you wanted it to sound... sorry I was a bit late
"WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY?"
Im dead
Anyone else wondering why he grabbed a whole knife and nobody said anything about it?
HE GOT A KNIFE!!!
**grabs knife** 
Nate: I JUST WANT TO TALK!
That's literally me when I hear something when I'm home alone 
Loool I was scared for her to open the door
3:50 who fucking knew that the proposing went this back in time holy mother god
go see the latest video of them
White people ugh boring . I like the black ones better there more funnier
Whos watching this now that they're engaged
Alexandra Davis mee
Omg I cant stop laughing while she was in the room wearing the crown omg lol
I JUST BROKE MY F**** EARPHONES OVER THIS
this is probably my favorite prank ive ever seen and ive seen alot
I saw him grab a knife!!!!!!!!
And your now in the Bahamas after getting engaged! Congrats!
i littaerly wannt yall to adopt me so much yall so funny and fun and all that plz adopt me lol?
Omg I love your nails what did you get omg the prank I would do this prank on my future boyfriend
For real guys these pranks just can be fake or not?
11:08 awwww
Well well well how about you bow down to your prank queen 
Who's watching this after they are now engaged 
My name is janessa too
Janessa watkavitch  I aint engaged but good luck with your husband
Janessa watkavitch me
Me...
I can't believe this kind of videos cause its not their first time doing pranks so normally when something surprised her/him the first thing that comes to the mind is that its a prank!
Omg he was so sad i feel so bad for him
She is beautiful princess
Im happy you werent doing that you fucking bitch  
Priceless!! Love it 
10:29 How does he not get in 
My caps are on and when the dog barked it said music
I want to win fam of week
That laugh at the end though
Suck off to ur queen
You are engaged
10:05
Its set up, fake
He really threw her shirt saying "fuck your shirt" brooo im dyinggg
he's too cute to be cheated on tbh
Nooo when he came back and he cried I was so saddddddd HAHAHAH
When he cried I wanted to cry
Bro u toke that too far hes so cute dont hurt him
The fact he grabbed a knife
ze blood pressure be like:
 OoOo0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0opppppp!!!
i also need a relationship like this wtf
you guys are freaking hilarious HAHAHA
This is the best prank ever
#nategamer
Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk she got ya
Best prank ever from Karissa!!! Loved it... I was laughing so hard I was crying LMFAO
Omg I love you guys so much!!!! 
I did iy
I was reluctant about finding the truth about my cheating wife but Im glad I finally took the courage for it and now I believe the saying that The Truth Will Set You Free cos I feel better and free now after knowing the truth. I got help from Cyberhackinggenius as he helped cloned my cheating wifes phone and I got access to all her phone messages both deleted texts and social media chats without touching her phone. Im glad to uncover her lies, secrets and Infidelity. All I did was share my wifes phone number with Cyberhackinggenius and I was able to read her recent and deleted messages from my phone through a programmed link shared to me without touching her phone and she has no idea her phone has been cloned. I discovered that my wife has been in a long term affair outside our marriage and it was very painful finding out Im not the biological father of our last child. Im finalizing my divorce with so many proofs and she is still in a complete shock about my findings. You can contact this great Hacker Gavin via Gmail (cyberhackinggenius) or text and speak to him directly on his phone and WhatsApp : +19256795146.
1:01 tf?
Why did I fee so bad when he broke his headphones 
Lol my name is Carissa but with a c
Karissa is super extra.
He so cute dat what i want
I subscribed
I love karissas laugh
This is not real.Are you guys really believe this shit?
OMG the fact that Karrisa even used a book with Jesus's name on it cracked me up..
HAHAHAHAH U WERE SO GOOD KARISSAAA AHAHHA
This made me subscribed!
How about you bow down to your queen bitch lol that like my freakin favorite part
I felt bad for Max lol
i want to be a fan of the week soooooooo much because  i have watched your videos for so long and i love you guys so much!
are they just not gonna talk about him having a knife? 
hahahahaha face expressionss 
17:11
Nate screaming "I just wanna talk" while holding a knife is such a mood 
Omg u are both cute and u really deserved each other uwu  this video makes me laugh and at the same time it makes me nervous of what gonno happened because of nates reaction hahaha
They are so cute!
This was the best cheating on bc prank.the background .....*noises* ...
When you realize that Nate probably cant even here the porn playing on her computer so Karissa is literally sitting there watching porn...
And I oop
Who else thinks she looks like Harley Quinn
What she didn't when he found out was so fuckin smooth bro
Dont cheat on him or he will stab you
Hi i love your videos
XDDDD
Please
she was basically having the time of her life hahahaha funny af
I have seen so many videos but when I started seeing your videos I literally started searching all over fb 
I thought you are only in fb. 
I tried in YouTube luckyly you are right here 
You are the coolest people I mean couple and you guys make me laugh all time
I want to be the fan of the week even tho I probs wont be ahahhahahahhababab
Karissa you are the QUEEENNN OMFG I LOVE YALL HAHA
Nate these intros are so good, they remind of tv series on Netflix, nice content 
This reminds me of JD in heathers 
"yyeeaaa baby whos the prank queen now beitchhh"
THE KNIFE I 
They make me feel lonely
Wow she got the Jesus is calling book will she doing this
12:20 
Be happy as always 
I wanna when the giveaway plzzz
Crazy the conversation of marriage and the Bahamas comes up and they end up doing both 2 months later 
Fuck your shirt. Open up the thing, I swear to god!! 
Love you guys but damn never seen Nate that angry
I hate this guy -<-  can i send him to the police bullys exist bc of him #lgbt pride #verbal abuse ;)
11:14
Karissa:  woohoo I got the prank crown yeahhh babbyyy. .. .. yea this isnt good
Me:  when you having fun but then realize you gotta deal with the shit a second later ^^ mood
Seriusly. IS THERE ANYONE WHO BUYS THIS IS ? SO FKN STAGED!!!
THE SILENCE WHEN HE FOUND THE MANNEQUIN LMAO
well, well, well
Louis Tomlinson has entered the chat
To Ha Maleficent line
This is the funniest most chaotic prank Ive ever seen oh my fucking god
I thought it was fucking over.. omygosh you doin him a heartbreak 
Whos watching this with the
proposal happening I pray 
for them and hope they have
an awesome future together 
Who agrees 
12:11 I CANT BREATHE
11:16 I CANT IN DYING
Best prank ever
I feel like after all these pranks theyd already know its a prank.
I wanna Winn
This has me dead 
Is how he said ik what you were doing
I liked commented and subscribed 
Woww they are so cute omg
I will be there its a girl keep it up there in the week
they are the perfect couple everrrr!! Shes soooo gorgeous and hes cute . They are PERFECT
And thats when he realised he LOVES her
Lol I subscribe I love this 
"What were you doing?
"I was watching porn"
11:54 is sooooo sadddddd 
hearing what karissa said at 1:47 after watching ep 1 and 2 of the proposal made me so freaking happy 
Is this fake???
WHen you realize this was when he had already decided to propose to Karissa ......adds a whole new level to his heartbreak
@newyorker 101 ohh yeah I was thinking of when the proposal series came out 
@Abigail Clark no he decided in June I think and then he proposed in September
I thought he decided in September?
@newyorker 101 the new proposal ones :)
@Myriam Quinto can you tell me which vids
5:27 lmaoooo "earthlings"
Hahahaha nice one
9:59 My favorite part LMAO 
Honestly Karissa deserves the prank crown, shes gotten so much better in her pranks!!
1:46 little does she know in two months 
Lol this dude at 10:44 I was laughing my head off
What part of LA do they live in?
4:54 is umm......
Amazing
Like if agree or if u think it's FUNNY
Great
I'm from the Philippines and i love you both
YES IVE BEEN HERE FOR 5 MINUTES
ME:XD
The book was called 'Jesus Is Calling..." I'm- 
aqua marine  no one Fucking cares 
That book was wrote by my step dads sister and brother in law. Sarah young, and Amos young (I call him famous amos)
U guys. As a psychotherapist. I beg u lol end the prank wars lol trauma doesnt know no joking !! Lol serious this shits real yo
She shouldve just put down the camera and consoled him
Soo fake
HAHAHAHAH OMG
He is so cute
Nate: wht were u doin
Karrisa: I was watching p*rn
Are you seriously going still!?
I love you guys  Good one Karissa. You are OFFICIALLY the prank Queen.
I subscribed at 0:31 
You two are morons.
I love yall
HI GUYS
My favorite prank ever. Kept watching this over and over again  
Bro I'm still laughing
A word is enough for the wise and It is also important to apply wisdom when dealing with our partners. I got help from cyberhackinggenius as he helped cloned my cheating wifes phone and I got access to all her phone text messages and social media chats without touching her phone. My wife was a cheating Narcissist but I'm glad to uncover her secrets and Infidelity. All I did was share my wifes phone number with Cyberhackinggenius. I was able to read her recent and deleted messages from my phone without laying my hands on her phone and she has no idea her phone has been cloned. I discovered that my wife has been in a long term affair outside our marriage with so many proofs. You can contact this great Hacker Gavin via Gmail (cyberhackinggenius) or text and speak to him directly on his phone and WhatsApp : +19256795146.
"I love you. "
No you don't.  You don't do this to the one you love. People be confusing infatuation and hooking up with love. Scary y'all.
Why is she such a sweetheart 
Nate: how could you both do this to me?
Not in my apartment!
He's gonna kill those sheets with the knife
You are the best person ever I love u guys so much
FAMILY FRIENDLY PG HUH DESCREPTION
I love it when she said well well well
He grabbed a knife he is not playing around
Why didnt he just kick down the door bro
I need a man like this.
Bow to the prank Queen you got pranked hard you crying baby all hail the prank Queen oh hell the prank Queen oh hell the beautiful prank Queen you cry baby 
The way he said you need Jesusomg
this was great
I subscribed and turn on the notifications can I win the iPhone giveaway please I need it
Mygosh i always love your vlog nate waaahhh im a big fan
As soon as she said bow down to the prank queen, b*itch I lost it hahaha I love her
Youd think after all the pranks hed notice 
The thumbnail
THEIR BOTH HOT AF! Talk about power couple
My heart is in my balls right now 
- Nate Garner 2019
AHAHAHHAAHAH
Nate come back
Whyyy does he have a KNIFEEE
Why tf am I crying
16:58  bro she can hold a note
"I wanna go back in the womb, I hate real life" 
I JUST STARTED FOLLOWING YOU GUYS AND IT HASNT BEEN DISAPPOINTING AT ALL 
"how bout you bow down to your prank queen bitch " haddd me deadddd
I f*cking love this couple 
17:04 is the best
Where is the winner
Why do people actually like him dude I hate him
Brooo its annoying me sooo much 
She LOOKS LIKE LANI BAKER
I think a normal boyfriend would just go straight and break the door right then and there. 
I'm crying with him lmbo
Omg hes awesome that he cares that much
noticecation;sqaud
Innocents be like : why are you laughing in your bed XD
Sam. PlayzIDK yeahhhh, i wish I could relate to them :/
This is fake and gay.
THAT INNOCENT "I WAS WATCHING PORN" DAMN LMAO
Just hand clap clap clap
Book clap
The intro is so good I subscribed because of that
8:14 Made me laugh cuz, her reaction tho...i couldnt stop laughin
Prank starts at 5:29 
I love you guys so much 
#I want to be the fan of the day
Love themmmm
Karissa mouths Karissa
10:06 loll xD omG.....! 
good prank xD
Karissa god!!! 
Does nobody but me see how toxic this is
Funniest one Ive seen yet
Ur not even trying to make these believable anymore. Even Jake Paul in his cringe days wasnt even this bad. U guys are in ur 20s dude u should be targeting an older demographic now.
what, so you expect 10 year olds to be youtubers for 10 year olds? you dont have go be the age of your demographic dumbass
Then go to jake Paul videos then
This seems pretty fake to me :/
9:01 I actually feel sad for him even its a prank
I want a phone
Lmao 
The intro sound like a slow rap
I love your channel and i think everyone can agree with 15:00 
Nice ads..
Man I would of busted down that door right away
I love your videos 
this is so fake man, take acting classes
He was panting so much after the prank. He was fucking scared.
Cutttttteeeeeeeeeee!!!
A new subscriber earned!! This so funny, omg!
that is a great prank he is so mad
Omg i forgot to wat ccx h this video im so sorry bbay
lmao,  she really said can you just give me one second! 
im fk dying rn XDDDD
I love you both
Nate: I just wanna talk
Also Nate: has a knife in his hand
I wanna win the fan of the week yall are so funny and hilarious I love yall
i'm like oh my f god when he came with a knife i'm like f
Theyre a fun couple hellla fun couple
Doneee
HE HAS A KNIFE LOLLLLLLLL
ohh  kresge u r gowen  have  babes   but they are  all  gin  be  prank bitchs
9:30 PUT THAT KNIFE DOWN YOUNG MAN
Nate: i jUsT wAnT tO tAlK. Also Nate: Has a knife in his handlmao
And then think what's in the Max maind...
She can just cheat and use that blow up doll and pull out the camera and Nate will believe her
damn he went full monster mode XD he got the knife ready to kill everybody lol he threw all clothes and even his headphones at the door omg
I just wanna talk he says with a knife I his hand 
This video was super funny
never seen a couple so perfect for each other 
omg yalls relationship is so freakin cute though what the heck
i woulds have broke the door down or shot the hinges off
Sorry god
Love how he got a knife to solve the problems 
nigga its faker than kims ass
He was so relived after he knew it was a prank
The edit makes the  video more enjoyable to watch lol
I want to win something and meet yous
If we learned anything from this vid,
Its to never cheat on Nate!!!
12:10 the way he sighed as if he was relieved and scared. I felt that
Ahhahahahahahha
8:23 the clapping got me soooo hard man
9:39 made me wheeze
5:58 is me whenever Im talking to someone 
This made me laugh so much I almost peed myself 
I want a man like Nate
this is the best reaction i have ever seen, when he came back in the apartment his voice broke me.
@9:00 it sounds like Natalie from David Dobriks vlogs 
"What did i do to deserve this" story of my life 
When he pulled out the knife I went crazy 
QUEEEEEEEN
I just love  them 
They're soo cute
honestly hes great at acting
9:05 is it just me or he sound as if he wanted to cry!??   thats so cute haha
Theyre so cute
Baby you there?
Yes Ive been here for 5 minutes!
Keep going!
Bruh!
HAHAHAHA noice
She's the BEST!!!
me when my mom says the kitchen is off limits 8:57
thats me on 8:18
He is no man , real man break the door
You paying?
Mmmmmm...
What a pussy
12:55 My Heart Is melting 
I bet they watched the "nasty shit" later
*Well then..*
8:58 it tickles oh my god 
By far my favorite part 
So fake.
Sometimes I think there on crack 
when u called her baby mama are u a dad of her child or something thats what u say when u had babies with her?
Yo I feel so bad for him but it was really funny how you say I just want to talk and he has the knife in his hand he's about to kill someone. Crime of Passion much
Vlog 9 I'm re watching after they added season 1
in Turkey we break that door and put the door handle to prankster's *ss
Can I pwease win?????
This is the same prank nyyear and jayln did
Prank Queen !!!!! Nate was so angry  lol 
Quick question how do they not know that its a prank when literally all nates vids are pranks
12:37 his world was shook
FAKE!! Unsubscribe I hate FAKE
I love you
I just realised karissa's stronger than Nate 
After all the pranks you do on each other you can tell he loves you so much because he even grabbed a knife that is true love right there
Don't you Ever Cheat On Him Woman 
I just wanna talk  come with a knife
I love her so much. nate sorry, imma steal her.
i felt so uncomfortable watching this lmaooo
FANNNN OF THE WEEEEKK
WHEN HE GOT THE KNIFE . OMGGG bish I would jump out the window in a flash
Nate: karissa just open up the door
karissa: baby you there?
Nate:yeah
Karissa: OH YEAH KEEP GOING 
nate: ARE YOU SERIOUSLY STILL GOING STILL
"WHOS ON THE OTHER LINE IM GONNA MARRY THIS MF!!!"
me: *watching nate pull the blankets up and off the bed*
also me: *ITS BRITTNEY BITCH*
reply if you get the song reference
Anyone notice he had a  knife lol
Max got so protective. He was barking when Nate was yelling at karissa
This was the greatest prank of all time. Point to you Karissa! :')
I fucking diedddd when the way it cuts to karisaa clapping in her room and him having a panick attack
- Bow down to ur prank queen BiTcH
I love you guys yall make me laugh everyday even if Im sad or mad
Why does he says Ex
I just saw this vid and I subscribed right away and I am gonna go after this vid and like all of ur vids 
Cruz I wanna be fan of da weeeeeeeeeeeeeek
Soz I messed up *Cuz
7:59 is where the prank starts.
i love her laugh so much
The dog is the real actor in this
I felt so sorry for nate at some point but to get the crown some sacrifices are needed lol
13:56 LMAO
YOU SHOULD SEE ME IN A CROWN!!
10:05 keep going!!
me: whaaaat
You deletd your history after that, right? 
I kept laughing so hard at her face when she was playing that audio 
this is the best prank i ever seen i totally  love it . Karissa  your are the prank Queen right now i totally  love it. all held the prank queen all held the prank queen.
Iv been subscribed but never committed
Wow guys she got him so good u guys this is so funny  lol this is not fake or anything and this is TOTALLY not a SARCASTIC comment
you guys are cool
I wnna winnnnnn and be on the wall ily u guys so much been watching for a while guys ur the cutest coupleeee
Dont know you guys but cute dog
nates a nice guys tht proves he loves u, but ur not u want to do pranks do without cheating ones but no . u dont love him u love cheating u bitch
karissa ur a bitch . for earthquake u cant do cheating prank u could done another prank but this was to real. ur a bitch
You just spoiled endgame for me
when he found out it was a prank and he went on the floor i felt so bad like i wanted to cry
This is cringeworthy. A for effort. Lmao the acting thoooooo
I want to be the fan of the week love u guys so much
The editing in this video is honestly the best and funniest editing Ive ever seen honestly Im dying
Well well well wellll
Best video ever
The door has no lock 
The best prank ever
Nate: I JUST WANNA TALK
Also Nate:
Nate :Hi Im back from the gym !!!
Karrissa : Oh Im not in a mood !!!
Nate : Why ???
Karrissa : Cause Im with someone else !!! 
Nate : Ohhhh ok call me after U R done !!! 
Karrissa :  !!!
Nate : (REALISES) Nooo who the hell is in their ... U suck Why R these clothes out open the door or Im gonna die !!! 
What did I do. What did I do to deserve this. Whyd you do this in the first place. Youre really gonna do this to us?  No?  I know what your doing.  
The sound of heartbreak and dispair in his voice is so cute and sad
Im rewatching this and every time he says heartbroken it hits u hard like u feel that
open the *fuCKING* *_DOOR_*
New sub
HE GOT A KNIFE
12:15 "Well well well" 
wannabe Jake Paul
Omg he has a knife
I wanna be fan of the week!!!!
I'm a little thing to be appreciated  ily guys
Who else thought this was funny but also got cringe
That's how you know he will be with you forever. 
I wanna Win that fan of the week
One of the best prank ever iloveyou both
I literally can't stop watching this prank. It was awesome... Karissa he really loves you... love the part where Nate is asking himself why in my apartment does this M**F*** thinking he's gonna...... I just laugh my ass off.....  epic. Love you guys... your the best couple I've seen. Watch your video's all the time. Sometimes over and over......
karrisa: omgggg stoop ittttt
nate: *WTF DID U JUST SAY*
When he came with the knife i was dying 
I want to win that fan of the week
What were u watching?! - Nate
I was watching porn- Kerrissa 
"You need jasassss(jesus)" 
I wanna win because I finally subscribed. Your videos kept popping up and I kept watching them
I wanna win
This seems very staged. Those are probably headphones from the dollar store.
9:36 OMG KARRISA
I want to be the fan of the week please
I love you can I have a give awa
10:05 karissa : ah keep going                         The sound wen she Said that was so unconfortable
this has to be fake. who wouldn't break the door down?
When Nate grabbed the knife I was dying
Damn and he saw those clothes or noticed them at the last minute
She should't have those ugly facesse ela fazz tbmmm krlh
Tiger vessel my name is and I'm a big fan of you and Nate you should probably be one of those someone robbed you considering it was funny and do it in the same place so whenever he tackled him he was so close to the poop do it again so you can roll in the poop from Zayden I love Carissa and Nate Garner
#nategarner I wanna win
This is so toxic for any relationship :(
I love how Nate is still hurt when the prank was over
Hi y'all are the best when ever I'm sad I watch y'all and yall make me smile
So scripted.
Love love love u guys. Be careful with these types of pranks
the knife tho?
i loved it
Theres me laughing my ass off, then theres Nate having mental breakdown.
Yall so cute!!!
i really want to be o n that wall love ya
oh and make sure you have a anti-virus, protection on your computer.... just saying
this mustve been so akward to make for her.
Do the "Try not to swear challenge" 24 hours.
This was my favorite prank, thank you karrisa!
What a load of shit.
When Nate said why did I deserve this he sounded like a Phycopath 
i wanna be the fan of the week
Nice I wanna win
yes im..........IVE BEEN HERE FOR 5 MINUTES that got me
Fake af
How on earth people believing this is real and not fake????????
Are you seriously going still
Im done I did everything
I wana win
HAHAHAAHHA
this is the best prank EVER 
awwww he sounded so hurt
I wanna win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! plz I have been a subscriber since day one but even if I don't win im still happy bc I watch your vlogs :) but I would like an Iphone
do you retarded kids actually buy this shit or are you playing along
This will always stand out as the BIGGEST prank Karissa has ever pulled on Nate. Like, WHAT CAN TOP THIS?! She truly is the PRANK QUEEN.
when he picked the fake body the way it stood up straight im dead 
Carisa gained some weight in her face or it could be the camera angles.
Nate she got yo ass
This dudes a douche bag. She shoulda stuck with the porn and the book. Fragile ass dude had a fuckin knife, McKay???, this has got 5oclock news written all over it
11:41 WHEN HE WALKED IN CRYING OMG AW 
Karissa: Stop it
Nate: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SAYING?
Nate: Shirt FUCK UR SHIRT OPEN UP THE THING I SWEAR I'LL FUCKING DIE OPEN UP!
Karissa: WEEEEEEOOOOOO
Nate: WHAT ARE YOU DOING KARISSA OPEN UP THE DOOR!
Me: She's retrieving her crown back BISHHH ILY Narissa  #garnergang
i wanna win the fan of the week THING
Brah my cheeks are so sore from smiling so much I havent stop smiling once
At the end Max be like "lEMmE In oN The kiSsEs"
13:03 Karissa:I watching porn 
Karissa earlier: thats nasty
I phone 
Dudeeeee im deaddd 
Bad acting 
Im watching this at night now my parents maybe think Im watching porn and Im going to get an ass whooping in the morning
When he said heart broken that hurt 
ok but nate with a knife low key scares me
Karissa:are u there?
Nate:YES
also karissa: *KEEP GOING*
11:31 I laughed so hard 
I love you so much 
Karissa is a bad bitch. Lmao love her!
Hey I love you gays so much nat your a bad boyfriend to  Carissa the pranks you do not on carissa. That are maen
pick me please in your next video because my daughter want a iphone bad and her little brother have one and i and her birthday is tommor and i want to suprise her and i commet subscibed and hit that bell and i liked please
Poor guy
NATE DO THIS PRANK
Fuck this shit
all i do now is watch ur videos!! love them
I WANNA WIIIIINNNNN BISHHHHHH
Nate has one savage girlfriend
Kerissa:baby are u the
Nate :are u seriously going still
I really want to win.ily
I love you guys so much you guys are the best couple on YouTube I wish I can get on the fan of the week wall
my name is karissa too spelt the same and everything gurlie  i thought i was the only one ;-;
LMAO one second he screaming and next second HOLDING A KNIFE
I want to take that big W not just Once but TWICE!
I wanna win DUDEEEE
Who else thinks marisa name should be on the channel cuz she deserves it
awesome
YASSSS BITCHHHH
8:55  had me dead   wtf did you just say
Who knew Nate is a bit yandere lol
Also, I love Karissa cringing haha. Must've been so awkward.
you are so sooo sooooo cute,you look like Max from stranger things
The ways she's making the sounds 
Your gonna lose each other
When grabbed the knife I was like dude wtf
Karrisa: are you crying ? 
Nate : you want me to not care 
Karrisa : no you should be crying
When was this?
hey NATE i are ready subscribe to all of the channels and I DEMAND I WANT TO BE ON THAT WALL AND BE APREASHATED  IM 10 AND IM ON MY 17 SIS ACOUNT AND IM ALOMOUST THE SAME HIGHT AS HER SO SHE SMALL       AND ANY WAY I WANT TO BE ON THAT WALL
People if your around your parents put your headphones in XD 
Love yall Garner Gang
This was best prank
I had a boy friend but HE CHEATED ON ME WITH MY BEST FRIEND  I'M CRYING HE HAD SEX WITH HER
Keep supportingggggggggg 
stop crsig
Plot twist:
Karissa hid the other guy in the closet and staged that it was a prank
donnneee
I want to be the fan of the week
Taylor skeens anyone??
 haha right thereeeee   omg stop itttt 
Im sorry but this is so funny he is crying and Fighting hes door and she is in the bend and dose some kind of nasty Noises
She said I was watchin porn so casually lmao
Im just confused because the people who do pranks all the time dont expect when they get pranked. Like half of the people do like I GOT MURDERED PRANK! But like they get pranked daily. So why do people not expect the pranks sksksks
He really cares for her
The things she was saying we're so annoying
Man that was SAVAGE. She good. Man when he got soo mad, throwing throwing and yelling and damn he the knife out. Whoa...
Nobody:
Literally nobody:
Throw his headphones:
Nate: I just pulled my fking headphones over you
They are really good actors I will give them that
Hi I'm a new fan and by the way your dog is cute!
I REALLY WANNA WIN YOU GUYS ARE SOO AMAZING AND SOO COOL AWESOME
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST IVE BEEN WATCHING YOU GUYS FOR SO LONG
IM LAUGHING SO HARD RN BAHAHAHHAHA
oh he is reallllllly love herrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr      #TRUE LOVE
How do you not have 500 ML subscriber
I love Nate garner
 hahahaha
Karissa gettin creative with the bible
LOL She freaking out when he was coming backkk  HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!
Sex belong in marriage but decern if your partner has the holy spirit or a demonic spirit before you commit for life but check self 1st & get a tru loving fearing relationship with God not a religion but I'm not talking about America god which is satan literally just study the symbols and signs on the back of your dollar bill starting with the all seeing eye pyrimad of lucifer literally those are not decorations and people claim they love God but lifestyle heart mind mouth lyrics job and soul says satan and hell 
Hahahahahahaha wait what
Funniest prank of all time
Ill admit this is a good one
I love you guys so much and you guys have such a strong relationship and I love supporting you guys everyday because at the same time you support me!!
Love you guys watch all you videos you guys are awesome 
Nate:I just wanna talk
Also Nate:*grabs knife*
Euphoria
She's a SAVAGE 
**nosebleeds**
He has a nife 
*dont watch if low cringe talarence*
5:52 I laughed so hard 
I love this couple so much they are so funny.
Best prank ever
Does that mean you Appreciate Nate
ts the best prank ever
Umm imma take that big W and win
They should stop doing pranks it's not great
I was sooooooo scared when he has the knife
8:56-9:04 killed me 
her making sounds is like bad acting in disney.......
Lmfaoo I like them they so goofy and cool  and act like best friends at the same time...and shes really pretty with a lil cutie baby face 
we all know what they did after this video
prank starts at 7:50
Im gonna ducking marry him  
I tried fixing it twice but its just gonna stay ducking
Oh my ducking gosh autocorrect 
#garnergang
*has knife* 
I just wanna talk 
tf bad acting
You were unbelievable omg QUEEN OF PRANKS
You guys are so awesome
Karissa: *high pitched edited voice* "aHh.... rIGhT thERe"
HAD ME ROLLINNNN
bxbydoll gacha omfggg stgg 
i feel like id breech that shit open and pull out my tool 
I wanna take that dub and win that name *candace rhodes
8:39 
Poor Nate 
Omg this is so fake
He got so mad lol
Stop using gods name in the wrong way !!!!!!!!!!
Karissa:these are cloths 
Nate:I kicked them and stepped on  them
Karissa:it's ok we'll just return them
was this staged lol?
Nate: i just want to talk...
Also Nate: HOLDING A KNIFE 
I want to be the fan of the week
8:57 What did she say?
9:36 i dieddddddd
I WANNA GET MY NAME ON THERE!!!!!!!!! PLZZZZZZ
EWWWW omg her sounds are horrible  i mean he believed it so i guess she actually sounds like that
Maia Uzimaki shit up
nate: throws headphones at the door.
nate:awhh i just BROKE MY HEADPHONES OVER YOU
me: hahahahahahahahahahahahah 
what you think what was gonnna happen
Why did he get man at the "other guy". He had nothing to do with her cheating, I mean, he may not know that she had a boyfriend. What's wrong with her boyfriend???
" well well well, how about you bow down to your prank Queen bitch " 
How do you dm people?
Karissa pulling out the crown out of the shadows and putting it on in the darkness is everything 
One of the best cheating videos haha
Good prank, but I think she should've done a better job at moaning and the sounds bc it sounded REALLY fake.
Biggggg winnnnnn for the little things
Too kidish
Gangster garnar
Gang 
Oh my god that appreciate the little things wall is so cool I would love to be on there Im already subscribed and I already like all of your videos 
Done!
I just joined the family after watching 3 videos 
Amazing cant wait!
I love your videos you guys are great at what you do 
Nate and Nate's girlfriend I love your pranks 
And I want to win the fan of the week
I love you guys you guys are like my family and I love you guys
Nate: touching door softly
Also nate: WTF DID YOU JUST SAY!?
best prank ever lmfao
lmao 
I feel so bad
Im a little thing 
So sweet... 
If I do a prank like this wit my husband... it sure i will die..!
He will cut my head..
I wanna have my name on a wall HELL YEA!
i want to win
Omggggg I have the same book as her the Jesus calling one what a small world
Omg. Bro I would be laughing 
OMFG BEST PRANK EVER
Damn he fucking scary when he mad
The door doesnt even have a lock on it
Prank starts
Planning 5:28 - 7:56
Prank starts 7:59 - 13:50
Nate ~ *hold knife* Also Nate~ I JUST WANNA TALK 
He got a knife OMG 
I just wanna talk
also Nate : knife in his hand
Im subcribed and the post notifications are on
"well...well...wellllll"
The video starts at 5:28
I HATE FAKE PRANKS BY YOUTUBERS!  YOU WENT TO THE DOOR THEN IMMEDIATELY YOI HAVING SEX AGAIN SMH FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE!!!!!! UNSUBSCRIBE
12:55 I thought it was all over
The way she called him a bitch lmao
I wanna win the fan of the week
I appreciate the Microscopic things
I wanna win the fan of the week love yall.
Yall are awesome I love yall
HAHHAHA
SO HILARIOUS
As if hes believing this
I want to win the fan of the week
You guys are so cute
holy shit thank god karissa stayed in the room when nate pulled out the knife holy moly
I just want to talk
Knife: i am a joke to you?
I love youuuuuu 
That was too much for my heart to handle. Even though it was prank, I felt so bad. My heart was breaking as he thought it was all over.
I WANNA BE ON THE GRASS WALL BEEN HERE SINCE BLOG 1
Nate: *crying*
Me:*crying* 
Karissa: "how you feeling?"
Nate: "ha....heartbroken" I felt that
Ive watched every video andddd Im subscribed! Can I be fan of the wee plsk?!?
So fake
lets not forget this is the dude that wanted to cheat on u and got caught up KARISSA
He had a HUGE smile of relief throughout the whole time after he found out it was fake...aww he's a keeper
the love is intoxicatingly amazing its so pure. never break up
I was laughing the entire time like there was no tomorrow. Seriously tho. Karissa won life. She literally did so awesome.
They upload every day a prank. Cmon guys it can't be all of them true pranks 
No hate just facts
Nikh as i definitely agree I do love them but most seem fake, but I actually think this one was real
Clarissa: stop it! *dies inside* 
Nate: *throws shirt at door* *sound effect explosion* 
I loved those parts
karissa*
He had a knife in his hand and he said "I JUST WANNA TALK" i'm dead
I watched till the end and I love you guys can I please get fan of the week
I wanna be the fan of the week
P.S.   I liked and subscribed
I love you guys so much biggest fan
*picks up bible 
AHAHHAHAHAHA IM
FUCKING DECEASED AHAHHAHAHHA
All the 8 year olds: are they kissing ewwwwwww
7:51 actual prank starts
 f your shirt
OPen up I just wanna talk has a whole knife what the fuck
Nate:I just wanna talk
Nate:also has a knife
Nate: This guys gonna leave with some dirty ass clothes 
I laughed so hard
Nate with the knife tho
C' da dire che sei un bono
Her making the "sound effects" made me feel unconfortable
Genesis Osuna right! i agree lol
That wasn't even like close to realistic though don't know how it made you uncomfortable 
The porn noises though...
Karma
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK!!!I love yall
I need a caring and psycho and overprotective boyfriend like that 
You need fucking help lmao
Well thats why im here ;)
Question is are you a girl like her
With a deep voice!!!
Nate I love your videos and I hope I win and if n win n Wil literally go crazy I'm literally your biggest fan love you both
She over powered him lol
First video i ever watched with u guys and i can't stop laughing lmao
I wanna win fan od the week thing, luv you guys 
I would love to be the fan of the week !
Cringey acting -_-
Cringey acting -_-
I really really really really really really wanna be on the little thingur guys the best team big W  love you
*Demonitization has entered the chat*
Best prank ever!!
why tf did he have a knife??
I wanna win that fan of the week
I want to win this ( I take big W and I smashed the subscribe button (: love you guys (: 
i swear if i were u guys i would think that everythig was a prank, love u guys:)
THE WAY SHE PUT ON THE CROWN WHEN HE FOUND OUT well well well lmaooooo what a queen
Karissa's pranks are 
I'm glad that I can say I've been in the squad since 150k
IM DEADDDDDyall are clowns i was crackin up the whole time hahah
We not gonna talk about the fact he got a knife out 
love is such a beautiful thing 
theyre so perfect together
i wanna win fan of the weeek 
Am I the only thinking " Olivia his blood pressure " or is that just me? 
I want to win that fan of the week  love yall
This was soo mad n funny 
I want it :0
Quote on quote clarissa
That shit was nasty
Do yaw have a kid if you don't I'm surprised
Awkward
I diiiiiiiiiiiiiiid it!
Is anyone gonna talk about how he almost hit her in the head with a water bottle.  Oof
Why so many ads for doe 
Can I plzzz be on da wallllll
Nice 
Britney wants the w
Literally me locking out my problems 
I want to be the fan of the week because I had just started watching your videos  you guys make me laugh. My wish is to meet you but I know you live far away but I love your guys videos  so yah love you guys
EXCUSE MEEEEEEEE MY NAME IS BRITTANY
My family is really annoyed with me cuz I keep saying cuz ur dumbbbb 
Also I guess.. I wanna win the fan of the week tehee 
Ly guys
These pranks gonna lead to a real break up smh
I wanna win
I wanna be fan of the week
Open up I just wanna talk 
The noises were not very convincing though. Did he seriously just got overpowered by a girl? Looooooool 
I wanna win fan of the week!!!
Should of been like waxing or something lol been like i was 
waxing ..  Or play on a loop
turned on the notification butttonnn.Lovvveee you guys .Love from Bangladesh
Sooo, I see nate is a lil crazy... *pulls out knife* "this fucker thinks he's gonna get out of this shit"
I really want to be  the  fan   of the week
Karissa is the best 
Karissa should have her own channel
He was so hurt what did I do this was almost as sad as the pregnancy one
When he grabbed the knife it got serious 
Karissa should create her own youtube channel omg shes soooo funny 
The only Reason I think this is fake is cuz If I heard that shit coming from that room that Door wouldve been to the floor already
I subbed when they had 40k
I want to be fan of the week, I subscribed and everything btw I love yall so much
Im dying rn this is so funny
even though i know the concept of the prank is kinda touchy, the fact that karissa is in the room chillin just slapping her thigh while Nate is having a full blown panic attack is hilarious 
Omg I know right 
9:08 this part just make me laugh
kyler I know right
Right
Facts! 
LOVE U GUYS 
9:22 Jesus Calling 
how tf u water that shit
Karissa should do an " i'm breaking up with you for someone else" prank on Nate 
Help its pornnnnn
BOW DOWN TO YOUR PRANK QUEEN B*TCH 
love you guys! 
Hey yo Nate, sup dawg, just a heads up that you're a fucktard and a tool. Would love to punch you in your infinitely punchable face. Peace out bro!
We take big wins? My name is variah
Nate: Fuck your shirt!
*Throws shirt at the door*
WTF GIRL STRONGER THAN  A GUY? 10:33
Nate: karissa open the door 
Karissa: omg stop it 
Nate: what the f did you just say
he grabbed a knife, that tells you that guys are in love with us when we date them
hey I love you guy
Could I win my name on the sign please?!
omm this was the best prank i seen so far 
My phone won't let me hit the like button but I would love to win the fan of the week
This is the best prank ever girl 
17:11 0:00
Love this prank
This is the fakest shit ever omggggggggg
If I was in Nates position, I think I would have to buy a new door.
This is so dramatic I love how he was just talking to himself  10:12
9:19 OM IM DED his face 
Done also I love you guys so much I wish I had the money to get me my mom and my sister a iPhone but we dont have enough money
yo. nate was really SOOOO ready to stab someone
i wanna be on the grass wall please
She brought the Bible into this
Notification are on I live you guys so much you guys are the cutest couple ever. Your videos always make me laugh. Also I want to be on the grass wall
I wish i can win a things
15:36 that moment was so freaking cute
These kinds of pranks work so well because they started dating not too long ago
Nate u should do a revenge by renting two russian guys and pretend that they are going to kidnapp carissa
I wanna be the fan of the week!! Love you guys your videos make my day better
i wanna be on the fucking board bcus we take big W
I love u guys so much
Karissas just dying inside 
Aawww
Ahhhhh that was amazing that was literally the best prank ever!!! Karissa is the prank QUEEEENNNN
she really look like sabrina carpenter
12:14 well well well
Roses are red
Violets are blue
The content you came for
Is at 7:22
Jess S i luv you
Thank you
And i loove you 
wow took that long
OMG I LOVE HOW THE DOG REACT WHEN HE THROW THE BOTTLE TO HER
I like how she said how aout u bell down to ur prank queen bichttt
Hold up I need an explanation for that knife 
Boooooooooooooo
Meeeeee
Wow she really drags these out ...
Karissa going all out on the prank lmfao I died
Nate:I just want to talk
Also Nate:Holding a butcher knife
Acting is so bad
I wanna win that "we appreciate you thingy" 
Wait 3 months ago they broke up now they together again Im confused and kinda concerned its all fake at this point
Love yo vids
Karissa: fake sex noises * owwwe* 
Also karissa: oweee *actually hurts*
This was the funniest thing
ive been here for five minutes -nate
bro i couldnt stop laughing when he pulled out the knife
I want win in take a w
I WANNA B FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!! ALSO CHECK YOUR DM'S I HAVE BEEN DMING YOU GUYS AND IK YOU GUYS GET A LOT OF DM'S BUT I TRY TO B THE MOST RECENT
Was I the only one hysterically laughing the whole time
no XD XD XD XD XD this is my fave vid ever
ur not the only one sis 
Nice 
I love how he says I wanna talk.....while holding a knife.
Karissa was like "I was watchin' porn" HAHAHA you did great prank queen.
 Very blessed couple
Nate is soooooo FUCKEN SEXY
Team Karissa 
karissa deserves the prank crown especially after this one. also i wanna be the fan of the week
Pick me please my name is Luna
this was so good !
12:18 I'm surprised he didn't piledrive her
I would've kicked the door down
I feel bad for Nate!!! :(
Nate: My heart is in my balls right now
Dude i read this as soon as he said it 
Fake video..
How can you guys be fooled every day ?
12:07 got me weeeeaaakkk
Im weak he got a knife
oh my 
Its so cute how Nate cares so much 
i would have trust issues if i was pranked so much
i wanna be fan of the week
i want to get on the thing for the week!! i love you guys!!
I wanna win!!!!
12:09 karissa : wear a crown
Well well well .. how bout you bow on your prank Queen bit*h .. 
Bow down to your prank Queen bitch* wrong section
The best prank ever haha 
Is no one gonna talk about how she was stronger than him to close the door
Laughing my ass off
Literally screaming
I was super shocked and laughed sooo hard when he suddenly comes hitting the door with Knife
I love how he cries it shows he CARES ALOT. Aww
Lol at this point they dont realize its a prank
Kis: mmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Kis:mmmmmmmmm
Why bro?
I love u guys my name is bushra I am from oman
When people say we are the best family on YouTube Im over here like NO YOUR NOT Nate and Karissa are
omg my mom thought i was watching something i shouldn't be watching lmao
moms am i right? or am i white? well im white, so guess im left. But man...moms....
I really wanna be the FAN OF THE WEEK .... Love you guys , FOREVER GARNERGANG ...
I just love how Nate says he just wants to talk meanwhile hes holding a big ass knife 
Prank starts at 7:56 thank me later
THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE PRANK SHE JUST SLAPS RANDOM THINGS I CANT-
I wanna win the fan of the week
Can we talk about how Nate had a knife
Prank us, the viewers, PLEASEEEE 
This is dope karissa!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yo!  Get it going
i want my name on the wall plz thx
6:50 - 7:05 *LOL KARISSA COULDNT SAY IT*
I bet she's never going to say that again
9:35 LMAO IM DEAD 
I want to be the subscriber of the week
IM FUCKING SCREAMINGKDJFJDKF THE NOISES SHE MAKES I CANT OHMYOGKDMFMF
HAHAAHA the Jesus Calling book
12:11 when he relizes it was brittany
I love u guys btw my name is Janae and I want to be on the name thing 
you should do another cheating prank but do it over a week or 2 to seem really and be really dodgy and then get caught because you just did the prank he wont suspect it
Logan fan boi
When he said no no nomade my heart melt
Oh my gosh!!!! That was really good!! But I feel bad for nat somehow but still prank queen karissa in the house!!!
If people believe these pranks are actually true then you are either a 7yr old watching this or just plain dumb
Nate and Karrisa thanks for making my day better
Karissa literally you have the best pranks when you prank him i watch the whole video. And then when Nate does pranks he doesn't make me laugh sorry Nate if you see this
Hi can I please be the fan of the week!!!!
I am literally watching all of their videos rn. My new fave youtubers
Whyd he grab a knife 
This video bouta get demonetized
Awww I love how Max started barking around 11:58 <3
Such a good doggo! <3
((And for some reason my stupid computer won't let me edit my other comments. Sorry!))
I wanna be on the wall!!! <3
Appreciate the little things... **looks down**
AT THE HOLY BIBLE CAN I GET AN AMEN?! 
Fake af
Karissa: slaps her leg 
My mind : now watch she gonna start head banging
Love yaaaa
Why didn't she ask about the knife?
i wanna win ly xxxx
The video starts at 8:00
I like this one he had a knife 
karissa: OWWWW
also karissa:*whispers* owwww
Hahahahahahahahahahahahah Im dying
honestly looks staged asf, not sure if any guy would leave if he heard his girl cheating on him through the door. Most guys would break down the door
You got him really good
Anybody who does a cheating prank on their partner isn't really into the other person and just does shit like this because they need attention and are more into themselves than the person they are with. This dude can and will be replaced, no doubt.
i wanna be on the wall
Nate: its close out there, FUCK. What were you doinggg???
Karissa: *jUsT wAtChInG pOrN*
*LMAO IM DYIIINNGGGGG*
I love you guys so much and love all your videos !! You guys have helped me threw so much !!
I subscribe and turn on my post notice and i would like the fan of the week
Nate getting angry ... kinda funny but sad :(
Well well well, how about you bow down to your prank queen bIaTcH
12:15
I wAs WaTcHiNg PhOrN ;)
What the fuckkkkk
so are we going ignore the fact that Nate said. "this guys going to get out of here with some dirty ass clothes" 
Lol favorite video ever
is this staged or??
Ok This guys are full of prank
i wanna win(brea poehlein)
I  want to win ! pls
but  I did
do this some time later again Karissa...but have a real man in the room this time xD
Nate:open the f***ing door
Karissa:wait Im cheating on you
Nate:Im scared 
Karissa:ik thats why Im doing it
Haha idn to win anything just watching you guys makes me happy... you two are so cute
This is so fake it just isnt funny neither are their personalities  just cringe and annoying also boring
Ive subscriiiiibbeeeeddd!! Liked commented and made others subscribe to grow the GARNER GAAANG
Is it juste or was the kiss in 16:12 sooooooo genuine 
I love u guys so much omg 
Damn Nate she gotcha real good 
I love you guys. You guys are what I have always wanted to be like in a relationship but guys use me for my money or cheat on me you guys inspire me every day.
I'll win next time 
Why I'm I enjoying this
I wanna be the fan of the week cause if I am I will be taking not just a big win but a gigantic win!
she looks like billie eilish
Im a little late watching some recent vids... But im here rn and i love the GARNER GANG  
Nate: I wanna go back in the womb i hate real life 
Big wains I love u guys I wanna win that big iPhone 
But cmon she wouldn't keep going when she hears you banging on the door
I wanna win the fan of the week!! Love you guys
I really wanna win it PLZ im your biggest fan
I WANNA WIN!!!!!!!
karissa used to be so skinny and hot. She's so frumpty now :( . like if you miss the thin karissa!!
Aw, what a weird comment for one of the most beautiful and hot vloggers. Shes so freakin attractive. Im smiling just by seeing her. More than anything, she gives her best on acting her pranks so that they are believable. Such a talent! Love you, Karissa 
well we all know what happened after this video...
I cried a lot i love you both 
Next video: WE ACTUALLY BREAK UP
last minute of the video: HA WE PRANKED YALL
i wont be surprised if this happens
AAAAAAHHHH
Whahaha, I just wanna talk (w/ a knife in his hand) 
She was like Angelina Julie when she said well well well  in 12:15 lol
i love you
This is way to much for a guy
Laught so hard
Let's be real.  I think their neighbors think somethings wrong with them.
I WANNA WINNNNNN
I have nothing to say
You dumb bitch you made it sound so fake stupid bitch
PLEASE DONT HURT HIM I REALLY LIKE HIM
Hahahahahahahahahha it was so funny
i wanna go back in the womb i hate real life thats a big mood
BIG W 
pack your sh*t up pack your sh*t up and get out i died
I want to win
"Prank queen bitchh"
I wanna win the fan of the week !!
Poor Max!!! He always looks soo worried  They prank Max more than they prank each other 
I want to be o  the little things thing
I wanna win
ly guys!! keep up the great content. hoping to win fan of the week sometime <3
I want to win fan of the week!!! #garnergang
Done!
Wow They really love each others 
Well well wellI lost it
Karissa shouldve been laying on the bed with the crown on when he came back and be like  fuck you
BEST MF PRANK EVER LMAOAOAO
i love their relationship so much  they better get fucking married 
i love you guys sm!!!
nate do he possessed sleep walk prank on karissa. watch milo and hazels video to see what i mean
His voice was so sad when he found out that it was a prank.
i want to be fan of the week
I want to win!!!!!!
I want to win
BAHAHAHAH "I JUST WANNA TALK " *holds a knife*
it says 482,854 viewsviews And im confused i like my yt is broken XD
I love this video  Im dying
dude how many fucking times? you guys are gonna fuck away any sliver of trust you have for each other, also thats hella fucking scary that his immediate response was to grab a KNIFE
Done!!!!!!!  Im Tara!
LMAO WHEN THANOS SHOWED UP I DIEDDDD
this is so fake huh
I WANNA WIN. I love u guys sooo much. I've been taking BIG WINS every Saturday and Sunday. The biggest prank I've done is pranking my boyfriend that I got murdered and I went all in. he called the police but I got up just in time. any, u gys are the best and I really hope I win. thanks for everything bye
How am I supposed to have a good day/morning since my cat died yesterday
american dream its been hard but thank you 
God bless  yr cat.
#noficationsqaud
I want to be on the wall
She got YOUR ASS the QUEEN B
Low key the thumbnail is kinda bad
i wanna win the fan of the week
i wanna take the big W and be on the wall!
Kinda ew
Karissa:how you feeling? 
Nate:*Looks at camera breathing heavily* ...heartbroken felt that.
@SimplyMoet ty
Hits hard
selena 12:30
what time? i think i missed it
that's not funny or sad
I died when she started making sounds with the Bible 
I want to win one
This the funniest shit Ive seen all day
6:20 ur welcome
fake it was all set up
I love their's pranks and i love watching it. But prank with cheating I think you shouldnt play on each others feelings,. I was so sorry for Nate, he looked heartbroken. Love you guys anyway!
When he threw the water bottle at her
Shit fake asf
Bro Nate was about to break down the door 
I wanna be on the wall plzzz 
Are you bad word fk
Nate was a legit serial killer 
Aww max lmao , he wanted to protect them and thought they were really fighting
I am you guys  are the best people in the world
I wanna won fan of the week!
Can I win the fan of the week I have been subscribed since vlog 25 love U Nate and Karissa
8:15 HER FACE OOF
I love you guys, but this was so fake.. but funny at the same time
youtube couples be like
I wanna win
You guys are awesome always making everyone laugh and are a inspiration to me. You guys tell us that no matter what always keep smiling and keep taking the BIG W
wtf am i watching.... theyre so desperate for views
Im sorry guys but if i prank my boyfriend so often.....he won't fall for it nomore....you guys have already planned this...its so freaking clear!!
ilysm (both of you and max)
The best prank ever
And NICE prank  :)
Hope one day my name will be on the weel :(
Omg so cringe....! But I like ur videos
I wannnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaa wwwwwwiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnn pppplllllleeeeaaaaassssseeeee. P. S. I have my own tiny channel I'd appreciate if you'd subscribe
the fact that they actually take the time to actually make a wheel to see who the winner of the iphone give away is
Me:*sees knife*
Me:...*evil laugh*
He grabbed the knife
Hahahahahaaha lol omg hahahahahahahaim dying right now
I would love to win the fan of the week, you guys are so inspiring, also max is sooo cute
Woahhhhh he got a knife too!!
When his voice w was s breaking tho, I felt soo bad
You guys are so funny you make my day
You guys are so  entertaining... Thx
DOOOOOODE I HONESTLY HAVE IN THE GARNER GANG SINCE 100k
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK 
Nate went I just want to talk with a knife in his hand
I really want to win I mean literally i  told all my friends about y'all and  they watch y'alls  videos all the time
i WANNA WIN THAT THING AND ALSO I LOVE YOU GUYS
9:50 ahhaha I can't 
I want to win
you have to be careful every couple like this with these pranks end up breaking up because of this stuff be careful
this is the type of stuff that break relationships up in the end yall gotta be careful with these pranks
3 months later they are engaged. But sure, they need to watch their relationship (;
Idk when I pull pranks on my friends they don't know what I'm doing until after I surprised them lol that's what pranks are all about wtf ?
Layla Dixon pranks arent real lol
La Smiley yup they really do 
Hilarious  
Nate: "i just wanna talk"
Also Nate: ***has a knife in his hand******
He was like so fucked up
She is the prank king!
I'v been a subscriber for 5 mouths so I think would be dope if I get chosen fo the grass wall
I love yall
I havent been here forever but for the last 6 months I been watching you guys and I appreciate how you post videos everyday thats hard work
I wanna winnnnnnnnn!!!!!
Come to jamaica
I want my name on it pls love you guys
How about just some regular vlogs instead of pranks all the time ?
Love yall
I want to winnnnnn take the BIG W's
 omg this made my year
Please put my name
I wanna be the fan of the week
All im saying is that make up sex is banging.
I WANT TO BE ON THE WALL!!! LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
Karissa do the prank "i won't kiss you"
Nate get a new haircute omg!
FBI OPEN UP
bro nate and Carissa are such goals
I wanna win the fan of the week thing 
I wanna win! I love yall channel yall are so funny
I wanna win
I wanna win
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
I wanna be the fan of the week
my friend lives in ur complex and i wonder what he thinks when he hears this stuff lmao
i love that u live right by me but ive never met u, thats depression
I have supported you guys for like ever ily I wanna win the fan of the week .........thing 
i wanna be the fan of the weekkkkk!!! i love you guys so much and you better remember me when you hit 1 mill
*demonitized
Hahahhahahaha nate I just wanna talk 2 seconds later 9:35
I WANNA WIN
Can i please
I WAN B THE FAN OF THE WEEEEK
If this was real Nate would of broken down the door immediately. And he would of knew it was a prank because no one would keep screwing if their bf/gf was banging at the door
I want to WIN FAN OF THE WEEK
Om- Nate was freaking out.
Nate widely screams 
OPEN UP I JUST WANNA TALK 
At the same time : holds a giant knife
9:30 hdhshshshsj
I wanna be under the appreciate sighn:)
I wanna be can of the week!!
I died when she put on that video
Plsssssss
I wanna won the fan of the week
these pranks are so fake, they prank each other every other day. its easy to tell now
when nate said what did i do, what did i do to deserve this? my heart broke
12:10 OMG I couldn't stop laughing! Karissa's just like who got the crown now biatch
TurtleQueen Beyonc who Karissa made all the girls feel like queens at that moment 
Congrats on your success..btw I love the videos you guys make ... I want to win the fan of the week
Nate looks like the man in Reaction Time..
I'm done with everything u said now i just sound like ur my master lmao
Do the I threw up blood prank
Why did not he just break the door?
Sis needs new content
These pranks are getting so old and repetitive now
I want it to be me babeee
Im sorry but the pranks are being too fake  please no
Funniest prank
She's strong damn
i wanna be the fan of the day
Karissa is a whole mood in this video
Bro he loves her so much 
He just wanna talk
With Knife in his hand
love from the garner gang!!!!
this is toooooooo funnyyyyyyy
I want to win the fan of the week!
Are you there yes Im right outside, Ive been here for fucking 5 minutes
How bout you bow down to the prank queen BIT*H  
IM DYING
Alex Sullivan 
Andrea Ortiz I was creasing broooo
Sabri P. Hahahahhahahahha
BRO SHE HAS THE SAME BIRTHDAY AS ME
i wanna win fan of the weekkkkk ily guys literally so much
this is so fake
Lmfao this was the best prank on this channel yet
11:07 lol 
TEXT MESSAGE SPAM ALERT
He got triggered 9:03 and 9:21
Yoo pick me for Fan of the week haha
I WANNA WIN THE FAN IF THE WEEK PLEASE I TRIED MY HARDEST AT THE IPHONE GIVEAWAY BUT DIDNT GET IT BUT ITS ALL GOOD  GOOD JOB TO NICHOLAS BUT PLEASE NATE 
I liked and subbed and got notifications on #notifacations :)
I wanna be fan of week
I wanna win da fan of da week 
Plzzzzzz  I love u guys
I want too winnn
Not a soul
Nobody
 Nate-I just wanna fuck*n talk
Nate-also holding a knife
im a little thing , please appreciate me .
Really out here finna go to J A I L
He really out here with a KNIFE
Can I please be fan of the week
Karissa is literally a mood. 
It probably would've been better if Michael was the one she was cheating on him with
I wanna win it love you both and appreciate you guys so so much. Youre my fave couple why arent yall at 1M subs !?
LMAOOOOOO NATE WTF BRO THE KNIFE WHY THE FREAKING KNIFE OMG BRO IM DYING CAUSE HE GOT THE KNIFE
that crown was well deserved best prank yet
i wanna be fan of week :)
no one: 
Nate: I just wanna f*#^ing talk
also nate: holding a knife
Can I at least have my name on the bottom of a sign once since nothing good happens only bad
I wanna win the fan of the week!!
He on X-Games mode
I wanna be fan of the week
Omg his poor little heart
I want to win!!!
Video quite long
I didnt like this prank at all.....felt really bad for nate.....i wish i had a guy like him...holding a knife for his girl...i like u karissa but didnt like this prank
The best prank ever 
He reminds me of one of the penguins of Madagascar
The best prank ever 
this shits not real lmfaooo yall a prank channel that does literally does THESE types of pranks every other day, and this exact prank has been everywhere lately and not a single time is is this a prank mentioned LOOOOL and the actings mad extra as always cringeee
whys there a full frozen water bottle he brought back lol
"I wanna win that fan of the week ThAnggG" pweaseeeeeeeeee 
I wanna take that DUBYAAAAAA (W) 
I was dying 
IM CRYING LMAAOOOO
I wanna be on there cause u my fav w takers...... BiG w TaKeRs!!!
How does he not know they do pranks like this all the time how do they not know
My new fave couple on YouTube since Lance and Lizzy broke up
I would love to be the fan of the week  this is the best family on YouTube and I am a part of it 
I wanna win the fan of the week! 
BEST PRANK EVERRRR!!!! 
Step your game up Nate! 
Also... 10:12 is the moment his heart dropped to his balls! 
Wanna be in  T H E  W A L L
I JUST WANNA TALK
Karissa is surely a prank queen dude. HAHAHA These couple makes me happy every single video. Keep making people happy and keep on making big W's. 
I'd looove to win I love yaaalll
I want to Winn 
I couldnt stop laughing 
Omg stop it lol
Hahahahahahahah
OMMFG HE HAD A KNIFE 
OMFG THIS IS THE BEST PRANK EVERRRR 
People who think that this is not staged , I feel sorry for you !
People who think that this is not staged , I feel sorry for you !
Done everything
Yo neck is really thick and yo chin look like crimson
Bow down to ur prank Queen BITCH
Lmao remember when ricegum roasted Nate
Goals
I sub'd when there were still 200k subscribers, now you almost have a million! 
15:55 "maybe you can do to me what you were doing to britney"?
      *hits with book*
i want to be the fan of the week
like this is so fake
Fan of the week right here.Positivity and joy all around.Thanks Nate and Karissa
Notifications on
Love you guys you so incredible people you honesty make me soo happy 
I wanna win that thing love you guys so flipping much and Nate get her back
Nate: I just wanna talk
I wanna win the fan of the week please
10:00
Karissa: babe r u there
Nate: I've been here for five minutes 
hockey girl I read this as it was happening
Just a quick check up to make sure he doesnt go anywhere.
This was just the saddest, funniest, but cutest video of my life...
HE HAD A KNIFE!!!
i love u guys!
15:45 they are so in love omg ;-;
I zoomed ahead and saw Nate holding knife........tf?
Love you guys keep it up u'r amazing
I want it to be your name! - Nate
Sameee - me
I wanna win the fan of the week!!!
:what u doing hahaha
;jusy watching porn
Shout out
I wanna win the fan of the week! Please I love your channel
YO SEXY BABY MOMMA?! 0:33
*She Prego??? *
_just kidding_
I subscribed and liked on terned notification can i be the fan of the week plz
     
Nate: I jUsT wAnNa TaLk
Also Nate: has a fucking knife
no but dead ass their relationship is so fucking amazing 
They really love each other
I wanna take that biiigggg winnnn babyyyyy  ~Evie xxx
I wanna take that biiigggg winnnn babyyyyy  ~Evie xxx
You guys make my literal life better BIG WINS -WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEEEKK AWARD 
I want to be the fan of the week!!!! " Thing "  BROOKE!!!!
Poor Nate! Clarissa came to take that crown!
why was she clapping
why dont they do a video that the girlfriend wants to have sex now prank but it actually got real
he thought she had sex with another person
he said his heart was in his balls
like wtf
Im starting to feel like some of these are fake
Your gf is a gold she is with u cause  u r rich do a gold digger with her
I want to win
I want to w8n that winner win thing!!!!!!!
This prank is staged
he never says ily back 
YA'LL NEED JESUS
jk i don't like jesus
@american dream cause....
Why don't u like Jesus Christ?
You guys are the best!!!! Your the best couple wish u luck and wish that ur YouTube videos will went good love u guys
I'm just saying I'm 6ft 5 big dude if I found this shit I would have broke that fucking door down so quick
I wanna win lol
IM THE BIGGEST FAN AND I LOVE YOU AND I WANT MY NAME under your sign :)
Bless him 
I love you guys..
He trully loves you
There's no lock on the door............
If you prank each other every day it's not realistic anymore
This is so fake
Y'all some good actors
I love you guys so much im apart of the garner gang allday everyday i would LOOVEEEE to be on the grass wall
I was laughing but he really loves her 
Nate : omfg i broke my dam head phones !!!!!
Karisa :  oh yeah i got the prank crown ooohhh yeaahhhh
I wantttttttttttttt toooooooo winnnnnn
I want tooooooo winnnnnnnn!
omgggg AGHAHAGAHAHHA
They always prank on each other 
Oh wow!  I know i am not an OG Nate G subscriber, but I was here in the new YouTube channel ever since 11k subs .. It still feels like early November 2018, wow!  9 months of being part of the garner gang! This prank is the best!! It's so nice to be always laughing and just having good vibes by watching your vlogs, making my birth month extra extraaaa moooore special!!! Big wins everyday!!!! 
July 24 is my 22nd birthday, I would be soo happy to receive a gift from you guys, i mean just having my name pinned on your 2nd grass wall would mean a world to me!! Pretty please. 
Honestly watching these videos is a big enough W
have MERCY on the SINGLE PEEPS
I love the "smash"
BIGGGGG WIINNNSSSSSSS EVEREHHHHHH DAYAHHHHHH W
nate: i wanna go back in the womb i hate real life
me: *just got done watching dolan twins back in the womb video*
Can I be the fan of the week
I just watched ur break up vid...... I'm lost
donee
All the dislikes are Nate from different other accounts 
I LAUGHED SO HARD BC OF THIS HAHAHAH
yxhmmm DeLaRoseA haha
HAHAHAHAAH YEESSSS
BHAHA
AHH JUST BROKE MY FUCKING HEADPHONES OVER YOU!!
I feel so bad for him lmao
Just watched a porn karissa 13:02
I wanna win that THING
I want to win the fan of the week! 
i wanna win that fan of the week 
Prank starts at 8:00 thank me later
I love guys sooooooooo much 
I've been in the garner gang ever since the first video
12:56 ohhh Shoot that was SO CUTE BITCH.15:30*checking around if no one's there,ok love Kinks...no kidding i'm literally LMAO crying and rolling all over the place
Omg I would love to be a fan of the week! I am already subbed and liked and notifications !! Hope u see this! Love u! #garnergang
Me mikey vincek wants to be on the grass fan of the week thingy ya
yall have THE BEST relationship tbh, like after every prank you guys pull on each other, it just brings you guys closer
so I ruined my own clothes he says
@12:42, Nate:  it was the greatest prank ever
Karissa:  was it....thats what I like to call revenge
damn the knife
damn shes scary good
He's freaking out when you cheating
Believe me, this is a goals
Wda Setawat that's sadistic
I want to be fan of the week #garnergang
FAN OF WEEK :)) 
I WANNA WIN I LOVE YOU GUYS
BEST FREAKING PRANK
Karissa is killing me on the prank omggg
Fan Of The Week, please? Love you guys! 
I wanna win love your videos
I want to win
I wanna win the thing oof the thing
Nate: we are here to make your day a lot better 
Totally true 
i wanna be fan of the week!!
I need to be in the big w hq and have my name on that wall
"You can smile now baby it's over, " "yeah, but I thought it was real..." 
All your videos are so funny! They have helped me laugh during some bad times in my life, so thank you for the laughs!
12:18 bow down to your queen bitch
prank* queen
I died when he said I broke my headphones because of you
nobody:
him:              
i wanna win the fan of the week 
i want my name on that wall plzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!
THE END WAS SO CUTE!!!! 
i really really really really really really really really want to be the fan of the week! you guys always put a smile on my face! also Karissa you are really pretty:))
I didnt enter in the giveaway because all I need is them
I laughed so damn hard when he threw the sweats at the door and it zoomed in. I found that so funny and I have no idea why
BRO I stg I want my existence to be acknowledged by yall
MY FAVORITE OMGGG
By now they have to know they are pranking eachother...
Best prank fosho!!!
My favourite prank of all time. These cheating pranks these days be going too far 
My fave youtube couple ever
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEK! I ASPIRE TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP LIKE YOURS IN THE FUTURE!
This is literally the worst acting ever smhhhhh
10:39 she just sits on the book
when he threw the clothes at the door-
awh poor nate, BUT YESSSS KARISSA!!!!
You should do a "Getting raped (opt. with door locked) prank"
i am a love button
Yall are amazing and I love yall
Yall are so incredible and yall make me so happy every single time I see yalls videos
Hey garner gang and Dunclan lmao I love you guys sooooo much and I would be so honored to be the fan of the week
I want to be the fan of the week. Love you guys! Oh and Max! 
Doneeee amd karissa look so gorg in thumbnail
Dddddone
"I just wanna talk" 
I want to be that fan of the week
Im deaaaadd
who else noticed, his hand is so small
I wanna Win i love both of y'all!
I ment funny
Btw your not rly funny and keep doing pranks
I ment u are funny typo lol
I wanna be the sub of week
Him: I would never do that to you
:shows the vid he did cheating on her
12:14 Yas Karissa, get em'. This prank killed me!
Who else thinks karissa should have her own channel
I found it way funnier how she pretended to be doing it........LMAO 
(8:52)
Fake:100
*gets cheated on*
*throws headphones at door*
 Nate: aw I broke my headphones over you!
Can i please be on the bored because i love you guys vary much and you vids bring me such joy my name is sarah and i am subd on my tablet put on my dads phone which i am using i am not but i am subd and have notifications on and i like your vids all the time  love you and please put my name on the bored
I want to win the fan of the week I love you guys so much you are amazing 
Her face when the video came on 
I WOULD LOVE TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK I LOVE AND LIKE EVER VIDEO I SUBSCRIBED LOVE YALL HAVE A GOOD WEEK
Karissa: how are you feeling
Nate: heartbroken
12:15
That. Is content.
" how bout you bow down to your queen. BITCH ! " - im dead 
Omg this was the best prank
That was just mean
I can't believe he picked up a knife
When she said the first stop it i was like OH WOW 
you guys are so fkn cute? man fuck yall
Well well well how bout u bow down to ur prank queen BITCH
Aw the fact that he broke down and cried really means he cares for her and was really just dying with just the thought of loosing her and feeling betrayed by someone he loves so much like (I needs someone like that)
i love your videosyou're my best couples i've never seeenni love you both
I wanna wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn love u guys
i wanna win please choose me
I have a quote nate can give to Karissa:Your love is like the lamp in the window that guides me home through the darkest
I want to winnnnn! You guys are the best youtubers! I liked and turned on post notifications. You already know I took a big dub cause I subscribed
this shit is just so staged i cannot believe people fall for this
Oooo Im definitely gonna be on the grass wall lol hehe cant wait to see my name on the wall 
I always watch Karissa's pranks cuz she's a SAVAGE!!!!! Dunclan baby!!!!
Omg my hearttt  i felt sooo bad for nate and when he said 'what did i do to deserve this' i lost it all
I want to win the fan of the week 
you guys make all this up.... thats fake
i wanna remember everyone who make it on the wall includinng myself if i do just to show how much i love ya guys :0
i love yall sm and ur vids r amazing but i think ppl should stop these types of pranks they r hilarious but they cause major trust issues
I wanna win that giveaway
I laughed so hard omgggg
Youre a genius!!!!!!
I can't stop watching it. It was the best prank ever.
        Like if u agree
DONE!!!! Also love you and your pranks this was halarious 
Fan of the week
I watched this again omg it broke my heart when I saw him crying awe I'm broke it broke me:( if this were to actually happen he wouldn't not deserve this awh:'( Ily Nate sm and also Karissa #narissa forever pls :(
I wanna winnnn !!!!! You guys make my bad days turn into good ones :)))
I dont watch prank videos alot but I saw this one as a recommendation. Ill definitely sub to you guys  but not for the prank,  but for the love you guys have for each other. 
My heart is in my balls right now.
This shits staged
i want to win fan of the week
I been subscribed for ages
Best prank I have ever seen
i really want to be the fan os the week!!!! #garnergan #LYNATE
This is the best goddamn prank, this killed me 
Nate :  I just wanna talk
Hlds a knife
He was like a legit serial killer
iwTmrt
This prank was akward for all of us.....
nate are you mad bro #shitynancy
I wanna be on the wall
when he said heartbroken i just died
I want to be the fan of the Week
I would subscribe if you stopped cussing so much.....just saying
Also when u told max to take big wins and he barked my dog started barking
Can I win the fan of the week!!
Who only watches him Bc of Carissa
I wanna win
I really want to be the fan of the week! I have supporting you guys since before you and karissa started dating! I know it's not a long time but I love you guys sooo much and I really want that fan of the week
Best prank ever!!!!
Nate you *BETTER* explain yourself because of that knife JEEZ
I would love to be on that board! You guys are the best bf and gf on youtube you are hilarious and i have subscribed, liked all your vids and turned on the post notifications!!!! Your the best FAM!!!!
karissa is the (~PRANK QUEEN~)
Chutiya jhatu
i want to win the fan of the week ive been subscribed with notifications and been subbed since 500k even tho it wasnt that long ago
YO I SWEAR I COULDNT STOP LAUGHIN SHES LAYING THERE SLAPIN HER THIGH N HES SCREAMIN
I should win the fan of the week because I absolutely LOVE your channel and the pranks you two do to each other,, yall are the best couple I know on YouTube and we all take big wins everyday but today I took a huge win by commenting this and proving I should be the fan of the week one day
Bro I wanna win
It has come to my attention that all of the pranks are fake.... I know I'm extremely disappointed myself :(
I want to win and I will litterally like very single of ur videos (with Karissa of course)
they are literally stupid they have been pulling pranks on each other for so long and and cant tell when they are getting prankedthis shit fake
I want to be the fan of the week, because then I know that the best couple on Youtube appreciates me :)
Also I love you guys
I have post notifications on and I watch every single video. Keep posting video Nate and take big Ws. #garnergang
I would love to be on the grass wall
I love your videos you are so inspiring
i want to win garner gang
NOT TO BE RUDE  but I used to be your biggest fan tbh and ive followed you months ago loving your content and your energy but lately you have been doing the same thing over and over PRANKS PRANKS PRANKS PRANKS using the GIRLFRIEND GIRLFRIEND / BOYFRIEND  thing ect ... it's just getting so borring tbh , still love u tho . 
anyone else ?
But I dont want to get the phone I just wanted to comment sorry if thats weird
I wanna win the wall thing i always like all of ur vids and im already subscribed and i hit the bell along tim ago
Hi Im commenting on my moms phone and Ive always wanted to comment I know thats a little bit of a weird want but...yeah but I subscribed, liked, and I got a friend to subscribe
I want to kis her ass
I wanna win  woot woot 
take dat big dubbleu 
I'm actually very sad right now but this made me laugh like hell. Thank you soooooooo much guys. I love you both
He was so sad poor thing I wish I had a mans like him
He was so sad poor thing I wish I had a mans like him
This is the funniest prank
Sorry after all the awful terribly mean pranks nates done lately I dont feel bad for him for this one. He used karissas worst fears against her it was only fair. She never goes that hard against him so it was about dang time....team karissa this time 
I feel so bad for laughing at this prank and what did he think would happen if he threw his headphones at the door
ilysm!  U guys are amazing ahahah. Nate ur reaction was priceless. #fanoftheweek
I wanna be on your lovely grass wall 
I want to take big wins
I wanna win that.... Thing
I wanna win it
keep up the good work 
i want fan of the week !! :) love yall !!
Nate: "maybe you could do to me what you were doing to Britney? ;)" 
Me: but she did nothing to Britney...
that was the best prank ever
Prank explanation at 6:26 
prank begins at 8:02
Your welcome
The way he grabbed the knife just had me .......
8:08 Time of prankk
Omg i have watched this video so many times, its the best prank ever lol. Im so sorry for Nate tho, he was so broken when he found out it was a prank  oh and i woud love to win the fan of the week! 
He broke his head phones and a second after was like...I just broke my headphones
Do a proposal prank on karrisa, like if u agree
Can you put my name on the board?
I love ur vids ,they make me laugh,and have a good day 
Clearlly fake 
c c how
Ive been in the final for the last two giveaways but I never have any luck maybe I will get a chance to be fan of the weekxx
he threw the clothes hahahahahhahahaha
I wanna win the can of the week xxxxxx
YOOOOO I LOVE THEM
I wanna  be fan of the week
YOU GUYS LITERALLY CHEERED ME UP. I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
Got gtbbbgbgbbgtgbbtgtbt 3rd to the pool going now go to the pool going now is it my room dad 6 robux fvrgr rgvgvrvrgvrgv
I just watched a vlog from two years ago where Nate introduces karissa to his vlog who is she  and shes so different. Little did we know, they were going to end up together! 
omg !!! She said well well well how about you bow down to your prank queen bitch
Nate:I JUST WANNA TALK 
ALSO NATE:has knife in hand
Opens th calling jesus book, then the knife,  wtf is this video all about
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK because this morning I watched your video and I wasnt happy and Nate and you made a smile  on my face so if my name is on that wall it will remind you of how strong the garner gang is and how your videos make ppl smile  
I got scared when he took the knife then he said I just want to talk.
#fanoftheweek
Taking Big W's
I want to be the fan of the week 
Nate should do a zombie apocalypse prank
You guys make me happy on days when Im depressed or I have anxiety,you guys are the best keep inspiring people like you do everyday
I wanna won the fan of the week
If so name is Rhiannon
He smashed karissa pretty hard 5:22
I wanna be the fan of the week!!
I wanna win that damn thing 
Love u guys i won to win my name
Sex belong in marriage, people claim they love God but lifestyle heart mind mouth lyrics job and soul says satan and hell, get a tru loving fearing relationship with God not a religion 
i wanna win the fan of the week  nate and karissa
Do you love us as subscribers
I would love to be a fan of the week you guys r awesome
I want to win the fan of the week!
The prank starts at 7:51
I wanna be a fan of the week  but I'm always a fan all the love from Philippines 
Nobody:
Literally Nobody:
Nate: What's up yeah that's me
I wannna win that fan of the week thingg !
I want to win so bad never one anything!
I felt so baddd 
*Karissa* well, well, well how about you bow down to your prank queen bitch
4:52 this is my favorite singer's 
I dare you to make me the name of the week I dare you
This was the best prank 
Iiiii wannnna win
this prank was legendary
Omg for revenge you should do the dead boyfriend prank like pretend someone is trying to break in and trash the place or what ever and then your lying in a room with fake blood and something sharp or something next to you xx love you guys sm xx
I had this full blast on my speaker when she was explaining the prank  now i have to explain to my mom
10:12 me when it's the first day of school
The best karissa!!
i dont understand how they still fall for each others pranks because they prank each other like everyday
I love you guys
I love you guys and I appreciate yall!! You two are my favorite YouTubers , so down to earth and loving. 
Im in a happy mood , I watch youll, sad mood, I watch yall, relaxing, traveling every time I just impatiently wait for a new video  dont even stop creating content
I love you guys and I appreciate yall!! You two are my favorite YouTubers , so down to earth and loving. 
Im in a happy mood , I watch youll, sad mood, I watch yall, relaxing, traveling every time I just impatiently wait for a new video  dont even stop creating content
I love you guys and I appreciate yall!! You two are my favorite YouTubers , so down to earth and loving. 
Im in a happy mood , I watch youll, sad mood, I watch yall, relaxing, traveling every time I just impatiently wait for a new video  dont even stop creating content
lmfao
This is really funnyyyyyyy yah know
I WANNAAAA WIN
Urgh I wanna meet you guys one day
I love you guys so much!!
She gained weight and it's so cute to see
You guys are pranking each other way too often. Pretty sure that Nate knew that it was a prank
Bro he acted like a bitch. If my girl was cheatin on me with the door locked i would bust thru dat bitch not talk thru the locked door 
I Love your Videos sooooooooooooooooooooo muchly
I wannaaa winnn the fann of theee weekkkk!!
THOSE NOISES AND SOUMDS YOU MADE BY MOANING, CLAPPING AND SLAPPING  KARISSA IS THE PRANK QUEEN #TeamKarisssa
IF THIS VIDEO WON'T BECOME  THE MOST VIEWED AND THE BEST ONE,,, I WILL GO CRAZY! This is my second fav video after the memory loss prank video by karissa
i want to be fan of the week!! i love you both
11:33  thats shits nasty
WHEN SHE PICKED UP THE BIBLE,!!!!
I mean who ever believes these pranks is child
It's 4 in the morning and I just liked all your videos and I really enjoy watching them actually me and my Tia watch them together and laugh at them in would love to be on the wall I also started my own channel yall inspire me 
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK 
How can you guys always fall for the pranks ? How can you not know that youre pranking
Karissa is my mood after my boyfriend makes me mad.
I do actually have you guys as my backround on my phone. Everyone is "bullying" me because of it:(( But I just like you guys to much. Loves from norway
You came for 7:20
Unless these two have autism, these pranks are so fake as if they dont realise its a prank so cringe and fake
I wanna win that fan of the week thing lol Im Rose Akum
NATE GET HER A FUCKING PUPPY NOT A PRANK!
14:59-15:01 is a forever mood
17:00 her laugh 
This has been my favourite prank and reaction so far!
I love your videos
Everyday i take big wins laalalallalalla
Karissa - This is Karissa here from the past.  We don't post on Tuesdays which means we don't film on Mondays.  So we're going to be filming tomorrow and not today, but I'm going to be filming today.
Me - 24?  Thanks Karissa from the past, you blew my mind.
I've already watched this like 10 times
Her laugh
Wazzup
I wanna win that  appreciate the little things thing
OMG IM DYYYINNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG BROOOOOOOO
Did everything even shared it with at least 20 peeeps
I rly want to win the fan of the week I have been subscribed for a long time now and I love u guys so much and every video is gonna be an epic one because we take BIG WS
As if hes still falling for this lol
I have watched this video 5 times and it gets more tragic and hilarious each time. Karissa is a prank god after this one.
I literally died laughing when he said he just wanted to talk and he had the knife in his hand 
That sounds awesome! I want to be the fan of the week! I really love you guys and this will be amazing part of my life to win something really really memorable. I wish you all good luck. 
I've done it
Fuck you bitches mother fuckers and pleas fucken stop making out on camera you are funny but I'm only 10 years old so please stop
I love how even when heartbroken he tries to put on a smile for karrissa
I want to win
Is it just me or Karissa is the queen of pranks?????
Done!
I love how Karissa is just laying down slapping her thigh while nate is freaking out.
Done!!!!!!!! I dont know if yall are still doing it but here I am just in case
Love you guys wanna win the fan thing I want my name on that and all you're pranks are really good go garnergang
I mean I HAVE TO WIN
Sorry but I have to win
I wanna Win!! I wanna take that big W!!
I entered the giveaway
Those pranks always look sooo fake. I cant even. 
Done  big wins!!
Im subscribed and have watched all your videos and liked them and have notifications on love yall 
I want to win the thing
I did it 
Bigg wins lov ya GARNER GANG
Man why did you have a Knife  Hahaha 
Nate: I just wanna talk
*knife has entered the chat*
I feel so bad for Nate but I want to be the fan of the week
You guys should come up with a music video for the garner gang
Like if u want one
12:10  
Me: its brittney bi*ch
Hey can I be fan of the week I watch all ur videos ALLLLLL OF THEM
Is this prank real?
Hilarious she got u good Nate
I love you guys 
Im so confused with this prank...like if there was a guy in there would he have killed him?? and wouldnt he be suspicious about it bc they literally prank each other everyday (theyre not that stupid, right)?  And their acting seems so fake :/
can I plz plz win one next time u do one agin because I only have a ipod and it doesn't work good
ps. Ily guys sooo much
I dont care if I dont get my name up but if you could at least read my dm that would mean the world to me
I really want to take the big wins!!!! And win the fan of the week thing!!!
Bro karissa is literally the best prankster ever but I couldnt breathe when Nate grabbed that knife...  *karissa opens the door*  is that a knife?
For real best prank ever. We need  more karissa lol
Ricardo Milos no one seems to realise that apparently.
you do know its fake right?
Nice acting
16:58 so calm: I'm coming home
Nate: TO FUCK YOU UP
I just subscribed to your channel and turned my notifications on and liked your vid. I literally watch all your vids and you guys are AWSOME. And you did turn my frown upside down. Love to both of you 
you need jesus and I oop-
i would love to be the fan of the week Ily guys sm and I can't wait for you guys to post everyday
you literally don't deserve this Nate you deserve the best #garnergang forever dunclan boo my favorite couple Nate deserve nothing but endlessly happiness. 
Please Nate your the prank king and a great vloger pick me my dude
That was the most funniest prank ever Karisa u did a very awesome job girlfriend that's what Nate gets
best vlog ive ever seen.
nate: what were you doing??
karissa: *casually* i was watching p*rn
Limelight heyyy
Pricila Rodriguez laughed my ass
Why tf are u censoring porn :d
i wanna be the fan of the week!!!!
awww nate crying because he was so scared
Too far.
you should prank her with the dead bf prank
I would love to be the fan of the week!!
I WANNA WINNNNNNN 
VIAGRA PRANKKKKKKK
This prank was on point!!!
can i plz be on the fan of the day
Team karissa
This is the defintition of terrible content
Karissa:Im coming home
Nate:To fuck you up
i want to be the fan of the week i love your videos they make me laugh so much lmao
Fake one ....
When he said at 9:31  I just want to talkIve never laughed so hard 
I am your biggest fan everyday not just one week  so i understand if I dont get the fan of the week award (I would love fan of anyway though)
Hahahhaha ....gotcha
I want to be the fan of the week
Love you guys!!
Shit karissa you just literally break nates heart hahahah.  But i was an epic prank by the way hahaha.  Cant wait for nates next prank hahahaha.  
Filipino fan here garner gang big w!
I love  you guys so much you always make me laugh!!
I turned on my notifications and hope to win a giveaway!
His reaction was the cutest! But what was his plan with the knife... had me concerned for half a second there. LOL
I wanna be the fan of the weekkkk also love yall so very much yall inspire me EVERYDAY and motivate me from my weaknesses. I want to grow up just like you Nate bc u got bullied just like I do and now youre here!! Anyways it would mean the WORLD to me for yall to notice me!! 
I love you guys together 
They are so cute
Fan of the week
Whos gonna be fan of the week? Surely not me because I comment on like every video and Ive never gotten more than 300 likes 
Umaasa Fam!! Pick meee!!!! Love you guys! 
i lOvE YoU GuYs <3
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEK
I just knownest that it have been 3 years since u have been making videos and that means that I been seeing you like 1 was nate g and the 2nd was garner give a way
I wanna win the FAN OF THE WEEK!!
Love u guys
They do a prank everyday...they are either fake or really dumb and gullible
Can I win to???!!!!! Did that allllll
I love you guys
Im not joking. What would I do without you guys
By the way 2 time watching video
I wanna be one the tHiNk
I am officially a failure. But Id still LOVEEE to be the fan of the week!!!
he has the cutest reaction 
Donee
Love this video!! Does anyone know where the video today is? Am I the only one wondering lol
Best I ever see!!! Wow
I love her laugh It gives me life. I literally watched this video 100 times, just to see nate holding the knife saying he wanted to talk. But yall are soo cute and such goalssssLove yall.
When her biggest fear isnt him leaving/ cheating oof
I am determined to be the fan of the week.  #bigws
There is like a prank every 2/3 days 
Honnestly I am starting to belive these are staged
Even tho it looks real
This just doesn't sound right to me
I'm dying omggg
I would literally cry if I got fan of the week
I wanna be fan of the week!!
Greatest prank everrrr!!! Team Karissa
OMG HE DAID MY NAME BRITNEY 
I'm subscribed the notification bell is on and I love y'all so much!! I want that new grass wall thingy!!
I appreciate u and ur vids I wanna win fan of the week I like every vid I see Im subscribed post notifications on I luv u guys
*"i just wanna talk" holds knife. **9:32*
I love all your videos
"I want to win the fan of the week thing"
I know Nate would never hurt karissa but the knife lowkey scared me
i wanna be fan of the week love yall
i really want to be on the wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When he screamed karissa open up the door and the screen turned red  I screamed
i love karissas laugh
I wanna be on the wall 
 Love u guys so much 
I feel bad for Nate but u got him good
One of the best pranks ever 
14:55-15:02 is a mood
Karissas pranks are the best!! 
Love you guys
I wanna win haha love y'all
*Nate* : I JuSt WaNnA tAlK
Also Nate: *Grabs a machete*
Tien Quang Pham tis but a joke.
yeah... its clearly a machete xD
Big w
I wish i could win
THIS WAS A GOOD PRANK!!!!!! 
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH
This guys such a fucking fag
Adi is competing with you for the best family on youtube  
Please choose me for the fan wall please
iwot it charity
I wanna win the fan of the week.
Also I love u guys  and Max. Best family on YouTube. Love the prank wars. Lol 
i also wanna be the fan of the week lol yalls videos are the bestttttt
i l o v e yalls houseeeeee
Nate: *picks up the knife* "bro I just want to talk to you open up the door" 
LMFAO
I just dont get how they dont see a prank coming like that
He had a nife
12:11 you can hear him sigh in relief
no one gonna say how he got a knife
Nate your reaction broke my heart!!!!
the editing seriously makes it world class humor
I've always wanted an iphone  NEVER HAD ONE 
Plz like so i get noticed 
I wanna win the fan of the week like lobe me pls:(
I think it was a bit to much 
#FANOFDAWEEK  P.S. love you guys so much! Keep taking big Ws!
I wanna win
Viagra prank next???
Hey Narrisa!
                I just wanna say that you guys are the light of my day EVERY SINGLE DAY! I love you guys more than you can even imagine! The big W movement is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! Tuesday is the worst day of my week bc I dont get my daily Narrisa lol! you two are my LIFE!!! You guys are the BEST YT channel EVER!!! You are so supportive and sweet! I would love for u to notice this!!!
Edit: also I would LOVE to be fan of the week!
Im not even going to try for giveaways anymore
OFC NOT ME FOR THE GIVEAWAY. Im always such a loser.
I would love to be the fan of the week because ur channel is what brings me up ever time I fall down because of my brother . I would also be honored to have my name up there I have subscribed & left a like
PS my name is serenity mermea 
In case I win
i wanna win the fan of the week pleaseee!!!! ily guys so much and watch you everyday
Karissa s laugh is everything 
I have liked ALL of your videos I am trying to take those BIG ASS W every. singel. day and I would really want to be chosen for the fan of the week :) it would mean really much 'cuz I am a BIG ASS fan of you and Karissa
Id love to win!! but congratulations to who ever gets the WIN! 
When Im down I always watch your videos xo
Karissa is the prank queen she does them right she's a professional now no mistake   taking big W
I wanna be a fan of a week really bad  and I kinda feel bad for Nate Id be heart broken if I heard that but, I bet hes glad it was a prank
Best prank ever karissa is QUEEN XX
i lov eyou guys your awsome
Yall are the cutest YouTube couple and Im honestly so excited for your family to grow!
I feel so bad!! This was a hard prank to watch 
Her *fakes a ow* her again*whispers ow*
Done!
I love your dog
I'M SPEECHLESS!!!!!!!
Done y'all are so amazing!
Fan of the weeeeek <3
I WANNA WIN MY NAME ON THAT MOTHER FUCKING BOARD!!!!!!!!!! big ASS WS
Everyday yall take big wins, everyday I take big dick ;) Iguess thats a win too tho 
I wuv u guys
Nate:i just wanna talk *holding a knife*
i love you 
I want to win !!!!
Love u guys
9:32  he said - OPEN THE FUCK UP
I want to win the fan of the week hahah 
I want to winnnn!!!and get my name on the board my name is kendra
I did everything to be the fan of the week!!  Btw my dog is dating max
Okey am i the only one who is like okey u prank each other almost everyday and dosent even suspect it to be a prank like u dumb or are these fake??
I was thinking the same thing.
Natalia Lovin my thoughts exactly
Karissa Karma!!! <3 I'm so proud of her! lol Finally getting you back with an emotional one. Lmao since you always do those types of pranks to her. XD
Prank starts here hehe you're welcome
i hate how fake these are idek why i watch them
Ive watched this over and over again 
My heart broke for him
omg i already know by the intro
I cant believe Nate had a knife
I WANT IT TO BE MY NAME!!!! PLEASEEEE
kinda think its fake bc they always prank each other
Well well well how about you bow down to your prank queen bitch lol 
She kills me omg 
I wont to join that fan of the week
Long time fam. Keep it going guys
Y'all don't know how many times I watched this
I want my name to be on the grass wall plz btw that was a good prank 
His reaction was shit guys wouldve actually broken the door down
I LIKED ALL YOUR VIDEOS PLS PUT ME ONE THE WALL I WANNNNNNAAAA BR ON THE WALLLLLLLLLLLL PLS
I've done everything MANY times to get into the giveaway. WOW... JUST WOW
Omg i cant believe her name is karissa that is my nane just with a c (carissa)
This pranks and content is so fucking trash and shit.So fucking cringe
This is so good
This is the greatest prank ever i see in my life. Also by Karissa. She is really ''THE PRANK QUEEN''
If he wants karissa to do the same thing she was doing to the doll she has to clap hit her leg and open and close the Bible
I WANNA WIN..... if I can....ohhh its stil recording fuck..... ups sorry....
I want my name for fan of the week
I want to win so bad I love yall so much and I am subscribed and have on the post notifications I also like all the vids love yall truly
i love the part whith the meme YOU NEED JESUS
Hi nate i think you should get karissa back by by spraying her car with  hair spray
Nate:" i just wanna f****** talk " 
* while holding a knife "
does karrissa have a yt acc cuz if she does  what is it??
I would love to be the fan of the week #garnergang
He had a freaking knife
I WANT TO TAKE THE BIG WIN 
If I was them Id probably know that it was a prank because they do pranks like every day
Nate is  Max is so cute 
My name please
Dang fr that was shit good
I want to win that fan of the week real bad!!... omg Im so cringy
I love you guys
no one:
karrisa: hELLo eArThLiNgS 
suuuch a good prank!! i feel so bad for nate tho when he said "what did i do" omggg
I feel like the pranks are kinda fake bc they do one prank each fucking day so Nate or Karissa should always expect a prank. Unless is like the earthquake one. But it really takes the naturally off the pranks. No hate tho, I love them.
I want it win!!!! Big W
i wanna be a fan of the week, cuz I'm new here hahhahah
or you should do a really good revenge faint prank just an idea
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK LOVR YOUUUU
nate just going crazy when he know karissa was 'CHEATING' on him
karissa:i love u
I LOVE BOTH OF U..LAST LONG GUYS
WE know how much love  he is towards karissa
Meghan I am your longest sub ever because I have been here since the day you had your first vid. I want to be the sun of the week.
I want to be on the grass wall
I HAVE MY NOTIFICATION ONNNNNNN
Im so happy I subscribed lmao you guys are great!
Give a hug for Portugal 
I wanna win
when he oncovers Brittany. me:it's Brittany bitch
to get her back you should do a prank were you get shot and tell her how much you mean to her and the fake die in her armslove you guys
CHEEZIT
I feel so bad for Natebut that was a great prank. 
GO GARNER GANG!!
I want to win that fan of the week
Dunclan win this one mate sry
Best Prank Everrrrr
I want to win the fan of the week 
he actually got a knife AHAHA
Love you guys so much! I really want to win my name is Linda!
I feel bad for Nate
but why am I laughing 
Awwwww
poor nate
I watch your guys videos all the time I wanna be the fan of the week!! -Angelica Martinez
The cringe level is high today boys
Omgg yesss i love you guys
You guys are pranking each other all the time with all these cheating pranks, so how the hell dont you ever get that these are pranks..? It just feels very fake
Im subscribed and my post notifications are on got my fingers crossed  take that big W
I want my name there. I wanna win fan of the week.  
I would have just sent him a picture of me with the crown on and said okay if you wanna end this over a prank as your smiling
I wanna be on the wall lol ,my name I Bianca Zeigler
I would like to win the fan if the week
CUTEST COUPLE 
BEST PRANK EVER!!!!!! Thank u guys for encouraging me to take my wins. Literally, at the beginning of this week I had my friend group but we haven't got even numbers so there's always gonna be someone left out (which was me) but u guys inspired me to talk to two new people and no one expected it but they've turned out to be the two most amazing people out there!!! I only have u guys to thank!!! U GUYS R LEGENDS!!!
I wanna win 
 Done
Ok but what if he hit her with that water bottle... 11:56
Poor Nate awww
I wanna be fan of the week
I couldnt stop laughing!! When he got the knife, I was DONE!  Best prank by far!
I want to win the fan of the week love you guys so much you guys are the best been here for a long time before 1 k
I WANNA WINN DA FAN OF DEM WEEK!
P.S. srry im late I fell asleep
ILYall And Max 
Edit:I love how Karissa literally said im not gonna show yall yk the ppp...po...porn and im like I hope you dont 
This is the best video u guys have ever filmed
Can I please be on the wall I love you guys so much ur the best 
Its my birthday tomorrow 12 July
Love how much yall appreciate your fans! And these pranks keep getting better & better!  
Duncan for the win! 
I'm from Latvia an I want to be the fan of the week
i wanna be the fan of the week yeet yee haw lol ok bye
DONE!!!!!
We love yours fake pranks 
your face when you were doing the sound effects were haha. I cant. Hilarious. The behind the scenes is hilarious. Oml
Okay karissa did so good
Wow,He got a knife 
btw Karissa is QUEEN
Nate your revenge prank should cant get hard prank
Karissa making sound effects with the devotional has me dying. I'm legit wheezing and crying. This is the most hilarious prank I've ever seen.
I feel so bad for Nate good job Karissa but Im always gonna be team Nate! Love both of you tho!
This was a good prank!! But I kinda feel bad for Nate..
Love you guys!!
Hope I my name can be on your board!!
I wanna win lol
ah, i remember pranking my ex boyfriends but all of them were pussies and never could take a joke and decided to break up with me...
Dude. I WANNA BE ON THAT wall thingy what HAHAHA 
My name is Samar. I LIKE ALL YOUR VIDEOS AND IVE SUBSCRIBE
Can i please get a shout out
winner of the week !!! , so proud karissa thought of a good idea !!
He knew the camera was there
you should call her a diff name
i love you guys!!! i want to make a youtube so bad but im not sure if itll be beneficial or not lol but anyways LOVE YOU GUYS always taken big Ws
I wannna winnnnn
Yall are my new favorite yt couple would love to be on the fan page thingy 
Dear nate and karrisa
I've been getting bullied recently and i would love if you guys could give me a little bit of advice I love you guys forever and always 
Dont end the prank wars T-T
BEST ONE
Done!
I WANNNA WINNNNNNN!!!!!
That door wouldve been busted down if my future bf ever pranked me like this
This was hilarious as fuck 
best prank yet
Omg u are really funny!!
I also want a IPhone
the knife 
I WANNA W-w winnnn
I love yall 
I want to be FAN OF THE WEEK please choose me 
I died when the meme that said you need Jesus
I was so dead when nate took the knife
Im the only one who wonders what he was going to do with the knife
I do soooooooooo bad I want to win the fan of the week I never get picked for anything I even suck at bingo 
Because Im dumb
We take that big W
I wanna win!!!
Im gonna take a shot of grape juice every time she says I love you
I wanna be fan of the week!!!!
*pulls out headphones*
9:27 I have the same book... My mom gave it to me haha
I want my name there
I want to be on the big W wallll!!!!!!! Pweaseeee???
I want to win the fan of the week thing  love you guys     You guys are the best
Nate:
We are here to make your day beter.
Thank you I had such a bad day 
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK
Nate reminds me of Johnny Bravo on his profile
HAHAHAHAGHAGAGA BITCH NATE PUT THE DAMN KNIFE DOWN BOY
Garner Gang
I would love to be fan of the week I always have notifications on and I'm subscribed :)
Fan appreciation thing plz
watched all videos yes
liked all videos yes 
subscribed yes
so nate, i wanna win that fan of the week...thing
Love you guys sooo much! Yourll are so cutee! Post notifications always on
ily guys you the best
karissa officially ended pranked wars nate but I FREAKING LOVE YOU GUYSSS
all these pranks are so fake, every si gle one of them im unsubbing
brooo I wanna be FAN OF THE WEEK
I WANT THE FAN OF THE WEEK 
MY NAME IS JIA NARAN 
GARNER GANG FOR THE WINNNNNNNNNNNN
I love you both so much
I've supported you since the beginning ahhhhhhhhh
ahhhhh I love that idea of fan of the week
The fan of the week wants to win meeee! HAHAHA, i love you guys more than anything. This vlog put me in a much better mood!!!!!
Nate was gonna murder him
i knew it i wont win
hahahahah
Love your videos
Give him a hug
Nate grabs a knife omg 
IM A BABY DUNCLAN AND I WANNA WIN
I wanna win fan of the week !! And karissa is killing prank wars 100% 
It broke my heart when nate entered and his voice broke.. But at the same time he loves karissa a lot !!! Nate bro u gotta take the prank crown back bro #garner gang for life
Y'all are so funny and real , but also hella inspirational 
I....want.....to.....win??
I  Karissa
You too Nate
Yeah Nate bow down to your prank 
I like how karissa is like puts the Crown in the end 
Nice job
I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK !!!! 
Im subscribed and post notifications are on ! And you already I flicked that like  button  I love you !
I luv you so much that WAS AN EPIC PRANK
Love you
I know this is fake but why do people always blame the person they are cheating with. It's all the other partners fault that they are cheating with someone  because they aren't loyal  
I wanna winnnnnn
Im the winner of the week
Hey, great prank Karissa. Keep taking big wins! 
I wanna win fan of the week
Karissa- How bout you bow down to your prank queeeeen BITCH!!!
That was amazing 
4:42 I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK...THING I LOVE YOU GUYS you guys always make my day I APPRECIATE THAT SM
I WANNA WIN THIS DAMN CONTEST!! I NEED THIS BIG W!!!
I'm not gonna hope to win the fan of the week, I will be!! Ahahah love you guys so much! My favourite YouTubers ever!!!
15:12 max trying to join in on that kiss is precious 
these pranks are fake they do one every day
Love to be the fan of the week..in fact not only week but forever..love you guys. Like you guys are so damn osum.. Everyday Take Big Ws.....
I wanna be the fan of the week 
I like that Karissa is clapping the whole time then saying this is a great vlog. Then Jesus was involved . Then Nate asked what were you doing Karissa straight up said I was watching porn. If I were Nate I would ask what was the clapping noises?
I WANT TO WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!!!! IM HYPED!!!
I Love You Guys So Much You Guys Are So Funny!!!  I Have Been Subscribed To The Garner Gang. I Also Liked This Video And I Take Those Big Ws Everyday!!! Oh And Also DONE !!!
Would LOVE to be the fan of the week !!
Like to win that fan of the week
Fan of the week! Actually love you guys so much
she deserves that crown after this prank!
I want to be the fan of the week pls
fan of the week!!!
Karissa doin the noises to make it more realistic lmao 
Idrc if I win giveaways, I just like watching your videos 
I wanna win that fan of the week... THING. (Acording to Nate) 
Lmao this is the funniest video Ive ever seen lmao Karissa face when she said casually said Im watching porn lmao 
Lmao this is the funniest video Ive ever seen lmao Karissa face when she said casually said Im watching porn lmao 
7:21 why are u still stunning
Who else wants them to get married??!! I do
Lmao this is the funniest video Ive ever seen lmao
I say cause your dum all the time I REALLY WANT TO BE THE FAN
OF THE WEEK ME AND MY FRIEND Text each other good morning garner gang everyday cause its just awesome
8:37 the clock turns by itself 
I love you PS done
You guys do pranks every video how do you not know its not real?!?!
I wanna win the "fan of the week thing" thank you my name is Sarah btw
Hope this man enjoys getting dirty cash by manipulating the minds of children. Literally a more douchebag more new age fouseytube. (I have too much time on my hands)
I love your vids
YESSS I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEEEEK
Yesss literally the most lit channel on YouTubeeee
And if he didnt know it was a prank how would he trust her in real life ??
10:00 he was like ARE YOU STILL GOING???
Its so cute how much he cares for her :)
They have done so many pranks how didnt he realise it was a prank.
Best YouTube Channel 
Poor Nate
Oh boy oh boy Im bouta go on  that wall of fame (Nicklos Soomaroo)
This doesn't seem fake like the rest negl
i wanna win th fan of the week im subbed and i have notifications on and i like every video!!!
I want to win the fan of the week
Love u guys so much plz pick me
That was a big knife Nate! At 10:04
Nate: I just wanna talk
Also Nate: holding knife
It was epic
Their apartment looks absolutely beautiful
ily guys sm, would love to be fan of the week
*i just wanna talk* - holds knife
Hey im french and my name deserve to be in your video :) thats all love you guys :D
      
I am the biggest fan! #fanoftheweek
My name is Caroline, our YouTube channel is C and E YouTube
I appreciate u taking ur time of ur life to make AMAZING vids for us xxx I would love to be the fan of the week but I don't mind !!
the best family on youtube
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK
and i want to prank my bf but idk whats his weakness, he's too calm
This prank was amazing  . Thanks Nate and Karissa for make me laugh a lot always
They are the best
i want my name to be on ur grass wall, cuz im taking the big W yesterday i got accepted to be a part timer in pizza hut for the first time and im so excited!
IMA TAKE A BIG W FAN OF THE WEEEEEEK IM INNNN
YASSSS GARNER GANGGGG 
WE LITTT 
Lol I love you too
I love u guys so much, would love to be noticed
nate should prank karissa by saying he thinks he's GAY!
or karissa say she's lesbian
can i be the fan of the week please lol
Wow that was a real good prank
I'm the ran of the week
I am the fan of the week cause all I do is win  #KarissaIsThePrankLord
Nate can win the best actor award at the Oscars istg 
I want to that person in the wall
What is going on 
I am now part of the Garner gang and I will be notified every time you post a video hope I will be able to be the favorite fan of the Week
I want to be the fan!!!
I WANNA WIN FAN OF DA WEEEEEEK
omg I love u guys
i cant get over how cringe and fake all these pranks are lol dont understand why they dont do legit pranks like ace family
Seriously the best prank EVER 
Love ya
I wanna win the fan of the week
Karissa should have used the Elvis wig on Britney
I wanna win that fan of the week thing ?? Xxxx luv you guys your so funny  
pls do the "he is just a friend" prank
I love your guys videos so much 
i wanna win the fan of the week thing thx for giving me something to comment i always comment and i always like and im already subbedc with notification bell anyway
I wanna win pls!
I wanna be a winner love you guys
I love you guys so much I love all your videos and I liked all your videos you guys are the best family I like fucking love you guys go big W
I want to win
I love you guys so soo much! You guys are literally amazing and hilarious! I would love to be fan of the week Stay awesome and take them Biggg Ws
I think u should stop the prank wars and started making content like challenges or anything else. Just sayin
Loveyouguysssss
i subscribed like 9 months aggooooo
I'm going to do this to my bf tonight and I'll let you know what happens 
AGHHHHHG GARNER GANG 
Karissa got him back from every prank he made her cry. LOL She great.
Big wins
I wanna win the fan of the wall plz  lysm!
Nate you should do I am gay prank:D
Steven : im just afraid people will label him homophobic when he reveals that hes 100% straight in the end, it happens a lot
I'm gay and I would not be offendedthat would be hilarious
Yess!!!!
YES HE SHOULD
I entered the giveawayyy ~ I love your videos
if you are reading this subscribe to nate garner
#GarnerGang
Win Win!!!!!!!!!
Our girl Karrisa damn... 
I wanna be on that sighn
The neighbors must be so concerned
done!
Pregnancy prank, come on
I want to be the fan of the week
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK PLEASEEEE NATEEEEE AND KARISSA
A love you 
Can i pls have my name on it because i have like ben here for like 3 year's pls
This was fuck harsh girlayy atleast you got tht crownnnn and sorry nate this must have been so hard for you to processLOVE YOU GUY'S 
I wanna give the shoutout and the little thing if u know what i know
I DEAD ASS STARTED CRYING FOR YOU
Im pretty sure these pranks are planned and all the reactions..... because they do too many besides nate knows she wouldnt do that to him ... this is literaly pranking the whole week how can both of them not expect them
Big winsss!!!
The fan of the week plzzz
I wanne win plzzz
not hating bc i love them but just saying lol
I am super honored to be apart of the best family on youtube...you guys are awesome and I hope my life is like yours one day...#garnergang4life #couplegoals # inspired
how many pranks do they have to do to each other before they stop believing they're cheating on each other
Can I be the fan on the week please
karissa : are u there baby
nate : yes ive been here for f*ing 5mins open up 
im dying
I win that thing
I wanna win
I wanna win that fan of the week..I love you guys so much..I've been working on a YouTube channel I haven't gone to far but I'm proud of myself..I love you guys so much!!
Nate: I just wanna talk 
*has knife in his hand*
I want to be the fan of the week so bad!! I love you guys so much!
The best prank karissa did ever!!!   
I really wanna be fan of the week so BAD  I LITERALLY WATCH YOU ALL THE TIME  please notice me  
Best prank ever!
Love you karissa #prankqueen
12:18
Everyday I take big winsss  I wanna win the fam week on the grass wall 
I love you Nate your my absolute favourite  #teamnate
,, yass
MY HEART MY HEART AAAAHHH  it was so..... hhhh love youuu  Both of you have a huge chance to have each other, thanks u to share us all your history
I want to be on the big W wall 
I felt so bad for him but it was funny  you two are so cute together
They are seriously the cutest
Ive never won a giveaway . Its ok Tho. I get to see other people take that BIG W!!!!!!   Love u two. Best couple on Youtube 
yesss fan of the week right here
 This was well played 
@willytube
Watching from Philippines!!  
But I miss the kidnapping prank but this one 
Always waiting for your vids. Loveyou both
The best prank ever I have seen
Nate: I just want to talk
Also Nate: *grabs a big ass knife*
I wanna be on that wall. Love Nate and karissa best couple on youube
I am actually appreciate the little things and is thankful
So sad :(
OMG HE CRIED
BEST PRANK
I wanna win a new iPhone 
i love you guys always... BUT.... i think u guys kinda tricked a bunch of people to get u subscribers and then out of thousand of pple that helped u out. u only picked 15 pple to be in the givaway? u never said oonly 15 pple will be eligible. all u said was like this video, subscribe and geta friend to subscribe to be in the givaway. that aint right. like if u agree!
Love you guys I am taking big W's with you everyday love your videos
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
FOLLOW DA GARNER GANG
FOLLOW DA GARNER GANG
FOLLOW DA GARNER GANG
FOLLOW DA GARNER GANG
#liltiti14 fuyf
i wanna win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was REALLY EPICCCCC  deeyym 
Ily guys!! Best family on YouTube!!
FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!!!
This is soooo goood!! Karissa got him REAL GOOD 
This was too much
Hm I just noticed that Nate kinda looks like Gu jun pyo from the Korean series Boys before flowers
Nate garner is  like my lucky charm every time I watch him I always pass my test 
Policy of Unicorns Yeah actually I live in South Africa and like were  still in school so yeah and its still winter here
You still taking tests?
I liked the video before I started to watch cause I know It's gone be a epic one 
LMFAOOOO I COULDNT STOP LAUGHING HOW OUT OF NO WHERE THE "YOU NEED JESUS" CLIP POPPED UP
Fan of the week, this is meee
I LOVE YOU GUYSSSI WANNA BE DA FAN OF DA WEEK 
Ur the best fam loads ND loads of lovvve 
Hey I hit that notification bell and subbed
I wanna win fan of the week!!!!
I can not stop rewatching this!!
Karissa is a waaaayyy better actor than Nate 
I wanna win the fan of the week. #garnergang
Omg the best couplehe was crying love you guys
This was awesome!!!
Emm. I have seen those shoes. Im sure it's fake
This prank was literally so good! Ive watched this video 4x even tho I know whats going to happen 
When he banged his head I lost it
I watch your Videos Everytime your the best YouTuber ever i hope my Name goes on the grass wall 
I would love to take a big win and get my name on the board I love u guys so much! You guys are so positive and that makes me happy and makes me feel better about myself
I would love to win fan of the weekIve been following u guys forever and ur amazing journey #NarissaIt would be an honour to be on that grass wall 
How about you bow down to your prank queen bitch 
Karissa 2019
Karissa:  Are you there baby? 
Nate: yes, for 5 mins ... 
Karissa : Keep going! 
Please can I be the fan of the week  I love you guys wayyy to much. Im obsessed but thats ok lol
i wannnnnnnnnna be dat fan wall
I wanna win games I've been here since the 100th video please choose me!
Team krissa 
Omgg i love your videos!!
Karissa is zeeee queenwill...Nate, you broke my heart but Karissa made an epic one 
dude got a knife ready to chop some dick
Idk why people think this prank is fake
That was epic Karissa 
Fan of the week
Literally my fave couple on youtube <3
I would love to be the fan of the week!!  love you guys
I feel like you guys drive each other crazy  I can honestly see why YouTube relationships arent healthy
How do people believe these pranks!? There so fake! Like they upload three pranks a week even if they where trying to make it realistic it just wouldnt be after so many pranks!
Ive been subscribed w my notifs on!!love you guys so much! Carissa is beautiful Nate well done. You guys are beautiful together 
I wanna win that fan of the week thang lol
9:03 his voice 
Its so cute how Nate cares so much aw
My fav couple in the world ..love ya so much guys 
Nate should do a " I shaved my head" prank on Karissa !! like so he can see please lol
You guys really made my day.. Thank u... 
"I wanna go to the womb. I hate real life" I felt that in sooo many levels fr
Congrats on the winner
Love you guys
I want to be on your fan wall
Pure relationship goals 
These are definitely going to end up married 
BTW subscribed turned notification on and shared this video to my friend group 
DONE!! omg karissa you got him soo good... this was such a good prank!!! Love your guys videos can't wait for the next taking big W'S everyday #garnergang
i love you guys...
That knife was HUGEEEE
Lol I want to win and have you guys deliver to me lol... Hello from MEXICO  #fanoftheweek
i would love to be on the appreciation wall, even if i don't i won't get down about it, always stay positive! I liked and iv'e been subscribed!
I wannnnaaaaa winnnnn theeeee fannnn offff theeee weeeeeeeek I already did all of emmm
Hi Nate and Karissa! Can I please be one of the fans of the week? It would mean so much to me! Thank you (I subbed and turned on post notifications)
Luv u guys cutest couple on YouTube
Nate: *grabs knife*
Also Nate: open up i just wanna talk
Fotw!! (Fan Of The Week)
Been here since 20 subs. 
Done !!!!!!
10:58 is me walking to the kitchen at 3 am to steal the food I was told not to...
Okay I reallyyyyyyy want to will fan of the week
I really love you guys!!!
He was ready to stab a nigga
Boy she is blonde i was also in love with a blond girl and she treated me like sh*t man break it up with her before she does it with you
Big w
Favori iftimsiniz 
I want to be on you're wall
i want to win the fan of the weekkkkkk
Hey Nate and Karissa Ive been watching your videos for months, Ive liked all your videos but it was only now that I hit the like button. Nate, youve had some really good pranks but Karissa took the crown. 
Ps I watch your videos while I work, I multitask lol I look forward to your videos.
Love you so muchhh keep going always by your side and never forget you are the best couple I have ever seen for me and not just my favourite YouTubers  I'm glad and proud that I'm part of this amazing family garner ganggg
I have never felt like Nate before...
By that I mean, crazy with the pranks and really afraid of being cheated on...whatd you think?
Oh my god..... these pranks get worse and worse. Can no1 see these are fake??????
I wanna be the fan of the weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek
Its amazinggggggggg prank QUEEN
My heart in my balls
karissa's face when she saw the knife had me dead
Waw guys i am ur biggest fun  but this was the best ever.
I wanna win the fan of the week  #BIGWIN
awww you 2 are soo CUTEEE
Omg I was laughing the whole time at Nates reaction why did he grab the knife was he gonna kill someonebtw I love you guystaken BIG WS
Oh my god that was such a good prank, but I felt so bad for Nate. Damn I love both so much #garnergang
i wanna winnnnnnnnnnn
Pick meeeeeeeeee p.s love yall
I want to be on the wall because you helped me with my bully problems and you guys make me happy every day
I hope to win 
The love he has for you you two are the cutest!!!!
Omg this is amaze
God bless you guysssss with all the loveee
I love you guysssss
I cried when nate cried
I need a nate to my Karissa
Nateeeee
I started cryinggg
I have no words for this couple... Everything that they have accomplished should be everyone's couple goal... 
She is so beautiful and smart... And he is so cute and funny...
That water bottle throw tho 
Brooo what's with the knife 
 BIG WINSSSS 
Fan of the week?
This is The funniest prank everrr 
I would love to be fan of the week, I love you guys so much.
I wanna winnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Lol that was super funny I want to be on the wall I love u guys
Lovee your videoss Love from indiaa
I love your videos #fanoftheweek
I love your videos #fanoftheweek
I love your videos #fanoftheweek
C'mon i don't wanna do something just kill you
Im subscribe,like every single vidos and have the bell on!!!!!!!!!
thats a big ass knife bro
Girl!!! Nate loves the poop out of you!!!!!!
Put me bro please
THIS IS SOOO GOOOOODDDD!,!!! I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEEK BABBAAAAYYYYYYY, but like for real I love u guys and it would mean the world, I have been going through some really hard things and u guys really do make me smile no matter what. I love you and keep doing what u do because it makes a lot of people happy including me  love Ameira from Australiaaa
i wanna be on the signnnnn love u a lot
Love your videos #takenbigWseveryday
Poor Nate  WOW Karissa really IS the prank queen (who else teared up because of Nates reaction so sweet)
I wanna win the little thing of the week Love you guys so much keep up the great work on YouTube 
I want to take that big W in the fan of the weeekkk (
I wonder if he really doesnt trust her or if he is just traumatized from the past. This is like such a big fear of his 
I luv this video omggg
Karissa you killin the prank wars :)))
(You are 100% couple goals btw) <3
Aaah it's fake 
Max Is So Cute
Post notif onlove you guys
15:00 same I want to go back to the womb I hate life 
I want to be on the grass wall!!
This was the best prank great job 
Best prank ever!!! I love you two soo much, you make my day so much better with your videos
My dog barks along with Max 
I wanna win the fan of the week!!! I love all of u and max is so cute
i would like to be a fan of the week
#TeamKarissa All Day Everyday #NateGarner4Life
"I just wanna fucking talk" Haha
I luv you guys . Karissa reminds me of Zara Larsson. Shes as beautiful as her . U too defi itely can not afford to lose each other ! One of my fav couples. 
#iphonegiveaway
Fan of the weekk
Omggggg immm deadd literally theee bestt thing i have everrr seen
 Wanna win so bad
 this is literally the best couples prank I have watched in my entire life.
And i oop
I love you guys and i want to be o the grass wall please, i like your videos and I am subscribed 
If this is not working my dog died  and I bought a dog like yours
King & Queen just subscribe to y'all and y'all Lit 
I LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH XXXXXX NEVER DO PRANKS LIKE THIS AGAIN!!!! NATES REACTION BROKE MY HEART
Thatt wass awsot
Omg yessss Team KarissaI love you guys so much Sorry Nate that's what you get for the earthquake prank 
nobody: 
Not a soul: 
Nate: I just wanna talk 
Also Nate: *holding knife*
Lmaoo
My mom does that, but with a belt instead.
B a n a n a CAUSE YOUR DUMB
Karissa  just tops all of Nates pranks I cant even 
This is love
I wanna win love you guys
I wanna be the winner of the week
Awww I kinda feel bad for him. This was funny 
you guys are so amazing 
I'm so glad I was home alone when I was watching this 
This is the best prank so far!!!
Btw you guys are sooooo cute
U should change the Name to nate and karissa
Karissa is so pretty omg
They always fake cheat or test each other for cheating
WHEN HE THREW THAT WATER BOTTLE 
Nate: OPEN UP THE THING 
Karissa: *makes noises*
Fake prank
Oh mannnnn Karissa got him goooood. Cant wait to see what Nate has planned to top this lol this is going to be a challenge 
DONE HEHE
Omg stop it 
Nate : what did you just say?!?
I cried
THAT WAS THE BEST PRANK EVER
I wanna win that Fan of the week THING!
karissa: i'm gonna play some porn
me: nah uh, I'll watch this when my mom's not around. she'll think i'm watching that
I love uu!! but its too much no??  I mean how long it takes, that somebody dont want this anymore? i hope you will always love you,! And be togheter!
I wanna win that fan of the week  and the iPhone giveaway I love garner gang Im happy to be part of your family you and karissa make my day every time I watch you Im taking big W everyday because of yous love you 
Lol I just can't stop smiling 
I WANNA BE THE PERSON OF THE WEEK. For the iPhone giveaway I commented on all the videos liked them followed and subscribed it would at least mean something to get my name  on there
Karissa took the big fat W
I laughed out loud all the time
Love you
#cuzurdumb 
THIS IS FUCKUNG HILARIOUS 
OH MY GOD 
these videos just always makes my day so much better thank you for always make me laugh 
Aww he was shaking bless him xx
I was shoked me when he took a knife 
13:32 "I hate that i love u" awwwwwww 
Too much. Way too much. Oh my goddddddd no please dont do this again
imagine karrisa in the room alone while smacking herself and moaning HAHA
Karissa you did really really great on pranking Nate 
I'm on #teamkarissa but I feel so bad for Nate 
You got him really good karissa but my heart hurt for nate  just don't let these pranks affect you forreal 
Nate who should get her back the I'm breaking up with you prank  I have the bell turned on and I subscribed like be you and I'm team Nate 
10:07 that sound is amazaing
I WANNA WIN ! JASMIN !
I think you guys need some rest from these epic pranks
It would mean the world to me,if I would be the fan of the week #notificationson #subscribed
Did you break up?
That was so intense hahah
I wanna win the person of the week
I wanna win the big wins ily guys smm
0:47 throwback to the OG Nate 
I wanna win tehehhe 
I wanna be on that wall 
I love her laugh xx 
I WANT TO WIN THAT NAME OF OF THE WEEK PLEASEEEEEE love u xoxo ps prank was amazing
17:00 
i wanna win that fan of the week thing could you please replace my name with cousins name, she beat cancer! :) Rebecca Watkinson
I wanna win the FAN of the week....and take the big W,big fan of the Garner gang
I want to win the fan of the week thing ! Prank wars are the best
Im so surprised they never stop and think this may be a prank after all the pranks theyve done to each other?
I wanna be in the grass wall please
I always like all your videoes subscribed like 1 year ago and always watch your amazing videoes
watching you guys makes me feel extra single lol
hi nate and karissa i love the both of you and would love to be the fan of the weak love you
i wanna win that fan of the week THING! love you guys
Can I win fan of the week!!!! ILYSM!! Ive followed u since 250k subs
Omfg karissa you are the best I swear 
First prank i actually liked that crown is never going to Nate again.
Seeing Nate get so sad and angry was heart braking, you can tell how much they really love each other!
oohhhh karissa got him good 
Thats so sad HAHAHAHAHAHAH but funny
Nothing ever gets between you two not even BRITNEY
Omgosh I'd be honoured to be fan of the week. I miss you so much when you don't post x
The BEST prank ever!!!!!! 
The I just wanna talk with the knife was epic!!! Lol  
Lol that should go on the board! Haha 
I want to Win: Karoline Koldby
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK
Hope i win the iphone giveawayyy
Nate u can't give up be a man stand up for team nate
He better gets her back goooood
Your videos are very funny  
Im looking at all your videos
Aww bless him !! Haha
You nate surely will dump the damn grey man
I wanna win the fan of the weekk!!!!
Ahhahah 
I wanna WIN!!
THAT WAS EPIC 
Thats a great idea because i appresiate you alot
This is genius. Karissa is genius prankster
Can I be the fan of the week my name is jenny I've  been watching you ever since you started YouTube
ok but the knife though
TAKING THEM BIG W'S!!!!
I WAS LAUGHING THE WHOLE TIME LMAOOO. I felt bad but damn Karissa got you gooood. PRANK QUEEEEN.
I have never seen a prank like that Karissa  you are the master KARISSA!!!!
Give me ur pubg id
Dude how can u just slam on the door while ur girlfreind is in the room with someone else...i would have broke into  the room with a buldozer
Ive been subscribed(OFC!)and I have the notifications on!Hopefully yall choose me! Love you guys!Yall make me smile everyday!Take big Ws
I really want to Winn!!!!! 
I W(aka big w) Winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I want to win that name thingy please I wanna win so bad 
Omg that so much a good prank!!!!!!!!!
Watching this breaks my heart ...but it was a good damn prank karissa 
12:15 IM LAUGHING SO HARD
I want to win  and also take big w
Done done doneee
Bmt no disrespect but how did put muscle you and close the door on u 
 *I love you guys sooo much* 
love yall so much!!!!!! i want to win fan of the week :)
*that knife* oof
I wanna be the fan of the Week  love you guys so much 
Tbh Nate looks a little bit like Thanos
It's my bday tm i luv u guys your my favorite YouTubers
July 12th
I want to win the fan of the week
Damn Karissa  you genius devil  better get her back Nate 
I really want to win fan of the week i love watching all ur videos cant wait to watch them everyday(except tuesday)
7:55 thank me later
I wanna be fan of the week
OMG!!!! LMAO!!!!!!
I love you and you are the best couple s in youtube
Im Melissa and I watch ur videos for so long now. It would be so nice to be the fan of the week. Love u guys 
Appreciate by big ass name
Love you guys!  Nates reaction when he saw it was Britney  Id be honoured to be the fan of the week!  taking them big wins baby 
This is my favourite prank
I snobody acknowledging how max was ready to back his dad up. 
that was good not gonna lieeee
Nate: I just wanna fucking talk *Knife in hand*
Me: DEAD 
I just wanna talk
Pulls out knife
Im happy you werent doing that you fucken bitch 
i seriously repeated nates reaction to britney abt 16 times
I what my name on the sign I what to win please I love you Guys so much 
I love them so much
Heyyy. I am a super big fan. Ive done all the things you need to for. And I really hope that I will be on the wall. I love you so much. I am from Norway so sorry for bad spelling
imma be the fan of the week bc i take big dubs 
i cringed so hard
Best prank ever I laughed so fricken hard
I WANNA BE ON FAN OF THE WEEK  lets get that BIG W 
"how bout you bow down to your queen BiTcH?"
"fuck.......you!"
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i thought it P*rn channel that has their home p*rn in right in down at 15:34
This guy pulled out a knife.
Slapping sounds made by jesus book.. *holy* shit that part had me rolling
@Katrine Baqaeen true but I don't see any actual harm in the act. I believe it wasn't ment to disrespect or offend anyone. Just an innocent coincidence.
That's not funny playing with religious stuff even if they don't have a religion or they are not religious they should respect other's religion
Just Val 
I wanted to win so baaad
YESSSS THE PRANKS ARE AMAZING, and everyone in the garner gang should appreciate the little things
I can't stop laughing when she slaps herself sorry nate
mar pts when
I was dying! Lmao!
Nate!! try the prank with her sister
I wanna Win 
YAAAAAY :") IM DONE SUBSCRIBING HEHEHE LOVE U BOTH  ;;(((( god i wish i find a love like this 
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEEEEKKKKK
I wanna take the W and win that fan of the week cause each we it's going be a epic one!!!
I feel bad but this was funny! 
"I just want to talk"
*is holding up knife
Yaas you made my morning #GarnerGang
I wanna win the thing 
"BIG WIN" I really hope my name goes on the wall! I love you both so much! THIS prank was so funny! Even tho Nate was angry! LOL
Thanks For All The Likes!
LmaooI just wanna talk*with knife in hand*
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK...THING!!!! <3
10:05 AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH   I'M DIYING
i would love to be the fan of the week!! :)
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
Aw man. This was rough.
Im fan of the week W
Nate   with knife
Love you guyssss 
Why they be doin a prank video everyday
Wanna winnnnnn
I m always sooo f happy when i m whatching you 
i want to win the fan of the week
I wanna win
karissa's best prank yet
I want to win this iPhone
You are the best YouTubers ever no one's better than you love you guys
i've been here since you and mav went to hawaii and when you did some shit to your spine or something. basically, i've always loved your vlogs nate.
Everybody wishing they had a boyfriend like that. He was so sad it made me sad.especially when he was like "what did I do to deserve this?" Aww, I am shook lol. Good prank though lol.
you understand its staged and fake right to the most retarded degree
#TemKarissa for life
I wanna win but I wont win
I WANNA TAKE A BIG W AND HAVE MY NAME ON THE WALL!!!!!!!
My question is if there was a guy there would he kill him with that knife
Nate really loves Karrisa 
He was broken 
I wanna win that fan thing
I just wann say
I love you both
All the way from india
Lol it so funny but so messed up 
Nate: I just want to talk *holds knife*
Loud sounds: yaaaaaaa
It doesnt matter if you didnt win because you always take big w from watching Nate and also because you are part of the garner gang
I wAnNa Be ThE FaN Of ThE WeEk PpPlzzzzz
I had turn this off cause my dad came in to the room
Me too
Drunk Sisters Im literally sitting beside all my older siblings rn. They dont care
Drunk Sisters 
Same I was watching this then my dad came in my room and I tried to click out 
I had to turn it off cause my older sister walked in the room lol
I want to win FAN of the week! I have always  liked all of your videos since the day you posted them I love you so much. And you're the best couples you always make my day I love you
I wanna be the fan of the week. And where can I buy gods balls?
Nate with a knife: I just wanna talk 
Aw nate really love karissa  it was only a prank but he was devastated at first but ily both always takin big w
thanks for the likes 
I WANTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT MY NAME ON THE GRASS BOARD REALLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY BADDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!
Karissa got him good,But i kinda feel bad for Nate
Also I would love to be fan of the week
thunderdrake13 whats fake the prank?
Eva Hristova Bruh this is fake...
I mean, you guys always do pranks to each other, it is obvious to know that she is fooling u! Like come on
Pick meeeeeeeeeeeee
I want to be on the wall
This was soo sad to see Nate like that 
I Wanna whin the fan thing!!!! 
I dont know why I found this so cute but 17:01 when Nate put his arm around karissa was soo cute to melove you guys #garnergang #postnotificationsquad
its so cute how nate cates lolllll
I want to be the fan of the week
I want to be FAN OF THE WEEK. My name is Eider. I am and old fan, all of your videos make my life better. Thanks for everything guys.
I really wanna win, hahahahahha
they are soooo cute!!!!!
Good god karissaa i hve to turn down the volume lol on this video
*_THESE PEOPLE ARE OGS OF Nate Garner_*  
 be an Og of mine today
THIS IS THE TEN BILLIONTH TIME IVE SEEN THIS COMMENT! COMMENT SOMETHING ELSE FOR ONCE!!!
What is an og?????
That Nicholas is so lucky af
Wooo Karissa your prank is the best of this channel  You're the prank queen. That's a fact 
I Want To Win That Weekly Thing!
(Actually I Don't Care About That....)
I Have Watched All Of Your EPIC Videos
I Have Liked All Of Your EPIC Videos
I Have Subscribed
I Have Turned On The Notifications
(Gr8t I Can't Find A Bell Emoji)
I  Nate, Karissa & Max
THE GARNER GANG Will Always Support You Guys......
aye bro...BRO...im depressed...found a way to cure it by watching the his vids. jk it dont help but it do put a smile on ma face
I have post notifications on and been subscribed to you since 10 K
I swear the hulk everytime lol
I don't watching you to win things i am  watching you guys to have fun and meet you guys
the fan of the week thing is a good idea that would be so cool to get it
Liked and subscribed 
Fan of week :P
I wanna beee the faaan of the weeekk
When he rushed the door I jumped
I hop you choose me I'm the fan of the week I love your vd
This was almost too far... I was high key scared.
I want to win please
I think it is so awesome that you guys hand delivered the iPhone  imagine being in a video and your name is on that wall.... You guys are so creative 
Youre so nice  love ya guys 
I'm dead
Best prank yet
K seriously upped her game daaaaaamn! Thank you for making this life all that more entertaining. Even my family is hooked on Nate and K!!!
Nate:
1) He broke his headphones for this prank.
2) The way he said, "What did I do to deserve this...?" shattered everyone's heart.
3) This man was not playin' when he picked up that knife.
Me: And I oop-
ChillMae awe ik
@Dora Winifred Read I-
Yes how may i help you
Love u guys xxx
Karissa that was a great prank. I have only been watching u guys for only a little while now and I love u both so much. Watching ur videos makes me so happy and stops me thinking about all the bad stuff going on in my family. Love u both
Hey Nate garner  I m your big fan from India 
And I have subscribed to your channel  and turned on the post notifications  big "W"s @nategarner
Nate: OPEN THE DOOR
Karissa:  Open and closes a Christian book   stop it
Garnerrrr gangggg
"I really like him!" 
I woukd love to be the fzn of the week!!!
I want to win the fan of the week xxxxxxx
Fan of the week  is such a good idea  wish I could be on their  love you guys x
Awh I felt bad for Nate when he was in tears it's so cute he cares so much about her you two are a cute couple and I'd hate to see you guys end it again 
I wanna Winn!!!!!!
Yooooo I wanna be on that grass wall though. I'm taking big wins everyday #garnergang!!! <3
u guys rocks in plz choose me for fan of the week .. love from India 
Awesome vlog Carissa and Nate, love you garner gang. I want my name on that mtf grasswalllll
Omg Nate Karissa are couple goals
This is literally the best prank im cryin
OMG if I had a boyfriend if he locked the door I break down the door like U naw die!
Ohhhh shit the prank
Does Karissa have her own youtube channel? If not she should make one
I WANNA WIN !
We make Big w
I WANT to win that @carlieholton08 thx
I want to win the fan of the week 
i wanna my name on the wall
Tbh i wouldnt reacted the exact same as nate  oml this was so intense xp you can tell he really loves her 
i love you guys you keep me smiling :)
I love yall have post notifications on love yall
I would please love to be the winner. :))
"I just want to talk " while holding knife 
Easily one of your best videos!! 
Dame bro Love's in the air man
I love the 3 meme combo
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK!! I appreciate yall everytime I watch your videos you guys make my days better. I love you guys you're so cute keep smiling and keep turning frowns upside down 
Karissa: Im coming home
Nate: tO fUcK yOu uP ! 
This was a big one 
You guys are the funniest and cutest couple ever!!!! I couldnt stop laughing, I swear Karissas faces or noises were the funniest with the book omg!!!!
Alright... so Nate might be a secret serial killer... or ya know. He was cooking and just wanted to talk. 
I want to win the fan of the week xx
I want to have my name on the wall thing 
big win babyW
I want to be fan of the week
Lmao this was the funniest shit ever 
Thumbnail game on 
1 Question why was he holding a knife saying I just want to talk. And I was talking to my sister and I said *if she opens the door and he has the knife and he walks in and just stabbed Brittany *
Change the channel name so dumb
Max got in with the kiss  15:12
He had a knife?! 
Im subscribed and I like every one of yall a videos hahaha. I want my name up thereee.  Even if I dont get my name up there I want yall to know that I appreciate YOUUU.  I love yall so much.
Good prank!! But man his face melted my heart. Such a great love he has for her, that they have for each other. But man this went beyond the line. Even Nate was like damn, do I even know her? for like a solid 2 seconds lol 
But for real, the fact that this does happen to people is whats so sad. People are actually this cruel to do this to another human being and cheat. Those people fucking suck. And Cheating is NEVER OK. Just break up with the person and then fuck whoever you want. Let the other person just move on from you instead of dealing with this trauma and possibly developing ptsd. Yeah, its THAT traumatizing as you just saw - and it wasnt even real!- Cheating isnt and will NEVER be excusable. Get that STRAIGHT.
U guys are literally cute af  goals 
I want to be on the board I have been watching you guys for so long and you are such funny people 
I need to be that big W fan of the week 
I wanna win this thing. Pleasa :))
Thank you for inspiring me to be me and helping me understand that it doesn't matter what people think of me... as long as I am happy with myself 
Garner Gang for life 
I WANNA BE FAN OF THE WEEK!! I love you guys!!
He's so cuteee when he said I just want to talk but with a knife in his hand he is so brave no ONE misses with his stuff
Ahahahah one of the best pranks by far ahah. I want to be on your walllllll
I wanna be the fan of the week!!!!! It would complete my life!! 
I wish to be the fan of the week
I love you guys so much 
He said he would never do that to her yet he did the exact prank before except hers was better no offense 
I WANNA WINNNNN I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!
Omg I wanna be fan of the week
This is perfect prank !! Good job karissa..
#teamKarissa But Love u both
Good videos
I have never laughed so hard in my life keep these prank going
I think you should do something for all of the giveaway finalists, biggest and most active fans love you guys
This prank was the epic one..
Karissa you are amazing
It looks like Nate has a pimple on his lip or a herpes
I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK! LOVE YOU GUYS!
I wanna win the name thing
15:00 I wanna go back to the womb, i hate real life
*cries in relate*
SOMEONEEEEEE give me a boyfriend like NATTTEEEEEEEE................LOVE FROM INDIA
Omg this prank was amazing
Bitch I better be on that wall
I did it and I want to win please I a big fan I hope u come to Orosi and deliver it I really want to meet u 
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK THINGY
This was one of their best videos. You can just tell how hurt Nate got. He is really in love with her. I hope they last forever. 
i Wanna Win  so im liked garner gang x
We uploaded the exact same prank a week ago ... still great video 
I wanna be the fan of the week!!!
I want to win the fan of the week!! you are my fave youtubers in the whole youtubers world! Your all amazing and spread positivity! you make me happy when Im sad! Thanks for being so great
best couple on youtube 
i love yall sooooo muchhhh
i wannaaaaa winnnnnnnn
i want to win that fan of the weak!
 Omg I love you  can't wait to see the revenge for that 
I love this prank. NATE'S REACTION WHEN HE TAKE THE KNIFE I WAS KINDA SCARED
This prank was hilarious  and missed up at the same time because nate went from reallyly to kill somebody with a damn knife to crying and watching the sunset  damn karissa never cheat on nate he really loves u  i really hope i win the next give away 
I wanna be fan of the week!!:)
Lol this the best one yet
This feels fake tho still funny
And thank you
Nate get Carissa a puppy
I want to win a iphone please and thank u
13:01 
 I was watching porn 
I wanna win bitch
OMG Hiiiiii Appreciate Meeee PleasEEE my name is StEpHaNiEeee
I been done #fanoftheweek love you guys
I want to be on the grass wall love you guys!
I've literally been screaming this whole vid but 12:12 OMGGGG
I want fan of the week I love u guys
I wanna win fan of the week. I watch you almost everyday and love your videos so much. Im a huge fan of yours.
I love you guys so much. Love from India 
Appreciate not only the little things appreciate your love ones and I liked subscribed and turned on post notification are on
W               WW                W
     W      W        W       W
          W                 W
           
WE ONLY TAKE BIG W AND MASSIVE MORE IMPORTANT BIG W 
EVERYONE HIT THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON 
NATEGARNER
TEAM NATE ALL DAY
Prank starts at 5:27
I want to win
I want to win
I want to wain
I want to win
I want to win
Are u there?
Keep going
I really wanna hug nate when he find Britney..
I want to win the name of the week! It would the most epic thing that has happened to me!
this was a good prank!!
I want that SIGN!!
I love you guys you are my inspiration
I think karissa has got out of control with the pranks..
I want to win the fan of the week. I have watched you guys for so long. I love you guys so much. If I won fan of the week I would be so happy and it would mean so much to me. Keep taking those Big Ws.
I want to win the fan of the week. I have watched you guys for so long. I love you guys so much. If I won fan of the week I would be so happy and it would mean so much to me. Keep taking those Big Ws.
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!!! YEAH WOO LOL
" I just wanna talk".. Lol with a knife bruh
Is this fake?
AWW Poor nate :'( but bahaha kudos to you karissa
'How about u now down to your prank queen bitch' I laughed so much when she said that
Haha it killed me when he pulled out the knife
Brooooo she took it to the highest level 
I wanna win fan of the weekkkk love you guysss
I want to be fan of the week
yeaaa!!! the big Ws
#Dunclan Karissas hair looked so nice  hilarious Prank 
That was nice! OMG
I want to win the fan of the week it would mean sooo much!!
how did Nate know Karissa was watching something in there?
ive been waiting for this prank for since i was born
Good Bor
Awww I love the way they can pull these pranks on each other and still be madly in love. Meanwhile Im over here on a single streak for all eternity, and watching YouTube alone at 12,  love my life #singleforever 
At this point they know theyre pranking each other when its all they ever have for content  ooop
Fan of the week plissss, ly guys I have watched all you videos and you guys make me laugh so much. Thanks for make my day a little more funny. Big W  if I win
I WANT TO BE FAN OF THE WEEK  anyone else think this YouTube couple is the best couple
"Well well well how bout you bow down to your prank queen bitch" lmaoooo
I so want to be on the sign... u r my fav YouTuber and Ive been watching your vids before 100k. U replied to my comment once and I was so excited. I think u and Karissa r the power couple of YouTube!! I look forward to your videos everyday, except Tuesdays of course, and they help me a lot when I have anxiety which I have a lot. The Garner Gang is so strong. Taking that W everyday because of u guys
Omg I smiled so hard in the end my face hurts! 
Nate put the knife down
you guys r sooooo cute  
watching you guys every single day  
send you guy some love 
Nikole I wanna win
Max is adorable
Bruh, I have that same devotional book she has on her bed, that's heccin' cool
Oow my god stop it 
What the fuck did u say?
He had a kifeee kidsss I felt bad for u Nate but I love both of y'all prankssss
I want to be on that grass wall
I want to win please I always love your vids
Whos this wanna be Jake Paul
Bro he got a knife, he went crazy
I want my name on that wall
    !
I love you vids
Bro you guys are the best couple ever and that was the best prank ever and I dont think hes going to prank her anymore
You guys should go on a vacation and vlog
Max be like: mom dad pls stop fightingggghhhhh
I wanna win n take that big W n get maa name on the appreciate sign I love ur guys vids all the time u ur edits love the garner gang
OBVIOUSLY fucking fake but OBVIOUSLY stills fucking entertaining so still fucking watching. Fuck these two.  
Bruhh is it necessary to moan while kissing?!
PAYBACK HER WITH A PASS OUT PRANK! 
THIS IS MY FAVORITE YT VIDEO EVER! I LAUGHED SO LOUD BRO  Karissa defiantly deserves the prank crown 
When he said You know Im here dude that broke my heart
Fan of the week plz cuz I like dogs
do more pranks on nate
The whole time watching the prank ..I was genuinely scared  I was like oh shit ..anyways I love you guys so much and I have been watching your videos since the start and you guys always put a smile on my facelove all the way from malaysiaaa
I did everything
I want to be on the wall 
I Wanna Win an i phone
HAH WHEN I SAW THE KNIFE IN HIS HAND I WAS LIKE OH CRAP THIS STUFF BOUTA GET REAL 
I wanna be on the wall and I love you guys
i want to win the fan of the week thingy im in LA rn for vidconnnn
Me: whats in his hand?
Nate: a knife!!
its prob not the first time nate has heard those sounds
I wanna win the thing
Best prank they've ever done
dude this was awesome!!!BEST PRANK YETTTT #dunclan
i want to win fan of the week thing!! i love you guys so much & been subscribed since the beginning & liked all your videos!!!! love you guys
I wanna win that fan of the week.. I love you guys so much  #garnergang
you guys are awesome
This is a banger video ...karissa took it to a whole other level .. #garnergang
That was REALLY intense 
I wanna be on the wall sooo bad
#teamkarissa
OMG this was hilarious best prank by far
Done  being fan of the week would be a huge W 
This was by far the best prank video I ever saw!!! I just started watching you guys and I'm already addicted to you. Your videos make my whole weekk. Stay togetherr. BEST YOUTUBE COUPLE EVERRRRR!! Happy to be a part of GARNER GANGGG!! Please never stop making videosss. Hope to meet you guys one dayy. Lots of love from India.
I WANA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK please
*LUV UR CHANNEL SO F**KING MUCH*
I wanna winnnn
I wanna win the fan of the week Im subscribed and post notifications on and I liked all your videos I love you guys so much 
Bro i'm down to take that big W and win fan of the week!
I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK SO BAD!!  I love the Garner-gang,  and I support you guys every single day!! By liking, having my post notifications on, and being Subscribed! We take big Ws everyday!!:) My name is Harper btw lol.
Love you guys !! Youre awesome 
I want to win that fan of the weak
omg HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA
can I please be the fan of the week xx take big w's
Karissa took the WIN !!! It was an awesome prank but my heart went out for Nate. Best prank yet !!! 
 Nate and Karissa I would like to have my name put on that Sign.....Plz
Prank starts at 6:09
I subbed and turned my pn on I would love it if i was name of the week I love you guys so much
Here's the fan of the week. And oh yeah Karissa is my girlfriend.
FUCKING KARISSA IM CRYING  you need Jesus  The fact shes slapping her leg .... Im wheezing 
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City California 90230
I want to be the fan of the week  plsssss choose me  i watch all of your videos 
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City California 90230
I wanna WIN that fan of the WEEK!
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City California 90230
all these pranks are literally gonna break you one day & yall will just grow further apart  typical yt couples
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City California 90230
That famous "i just wanna talk" quote
DEMONITIZED
Hey Nate I just wanted to say that I love and that I spent the last hour going through every single one of your videos liking them. My name is ATREYA LUCAS. And also u need to get karisa back really good. Love ya
Gooood! Karissa it was the best prank ever But Nate loves you alooootttt , you are such a lucky girl and both of you are gems    Everymorning I watch you people vlogs n always get positive vibes from both of you 
I just wanted to talk with a knife 
Nate we want more mushyy gushy videosss :/ we wanna see the loveeeee <3
Can I be the first little person I like subscribe with the bell I did that ages ago any was and I did what u asked
I wish I could be the Fan of the Day
Y'all have me dead asffff #garnergang
I LOVE YOU NATE
I wanna be in that grass wall garner gang
My big W of the day was that i took the day off from work and spent time with my sexy baby daddy excited about the new wall!
lmao opens and closes a Jesus book trying to make (NOISEs) Btw I wanna win that little board spot
At 8:37 the clock moved I was waiting for it to fall
yall should make merch with the "cuz ur dumb thing with yalls faces on it
love you guys
I wAnT mY NaMe On YoUr WaLl
FAN OF THE WEEK RIGHT HEREEEEE. Ive been subscribed since you were at 50K followers. And I like every. single. video. #TakeBigWs !!!!!!!!!
Not to be mean or anything but these people have the most fake life going on
I WANNA WIN THAT LITTLE SPOT ON THAT BOARD!! 
Me-Awww I mean its all right ibe been here for 9 months its all right
Also me after the video-
(Guys this is a joke in case yall were wondering)
She took a real big W
I want to win fan of the week
I want to have my name on the board plz I love u guys so much and it would mean a lot plz and thx
Karissa's idea for fan of the week is cute! I love the idea!! 
I love you guys you are hilarious!
13:02 i luv how Karissa casually just said  *I wAs wAtChInG pOrN*  
same i laughed asf
Ned Leeds who?
I hit the subscribe button and hit the notification and I like the button
I want to win but if i dont i still wach ur vids and love the....YEAH
I wanna win fan of the week!!!
I felt so bad for nate...Like I almost criedkarissa has officially won the prank wars...GIVE UP NATE!!
Do the truth or dare challenge!!!
I'm sad that I didn't win but I'm going to take the big W and be happy but yay karissa got the crown back and done plus love u guys keep doing what u doing bc u really turn my frown upside down every day so that's the little thing I appreciate so thxs 
I went to win the fan of the week plz 
I would never cheat on you every couple would love to hear that 
I wont to when
Nate is super cute and he loves Karissa soo much and Karissa is so truthful to him! And I wanna be a part in this house!!!
Yall make the day better
I just love it when Nate introduces Karissa my sexy baby mama 
I wanna be the FAN OF THE WEEK
I never understood why people do cheating pranks like are you trying to make you boyfriend mad or are you trying to make you girlfriend cry
We all appreciate the big W , ... + is cute how his biggest fear is basically losing you... Or not having someone like him to take that big W. 
I think Karissa should just keep the prank crown cause, no offense Nate, I think she's better #dunclan4life
Sorry Nate but you deserved this one! Every last bit of it from all the mean ass pranks youve done! I love you both though!
Nate you should react to Chaz Smith pronouncing things wrong ! 
This was a good one Karissa... you did well 
I want to f****ing win this fan of the week.no to much alright but seriously I want to win #teamnate
Im sorry but this...... well..... HILARIOUS!!!!!
you can just hear how heart broken he is by his voice
I luv the slapping sounds 
Karissa got this inna bag,
i was weehzing the whole time
my mum thought i was watching porn 
Is anyone else concerned that he had a knife in his hand?
These videos are awesome and I absolutely adore you guys.  Also I would love to have my name on it
I wanna win that fan of the week i watch all of your guys videos you are so cute I love u guys so much
FUCKING LOVE YALL, was at work today and I got a notification that yall posted this video and I smiled, something to look forward to after work lmao
I wanna be a part in GarnerGangs house!!! Congrats Nicole
I WANNA WINNN
Please be me
I want to win and love u too 
fan of the week vibelove u guyssss
Loved this prank it was a good one 
I wanna be the little thing thingy  I LOVE YALLS VIDEOS YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY 
I want to win
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City 90230
I want to win my name on the sign!!!! Plzzz
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!!!!!!!
I want to win
Shoutout 
I wanna win 
Omg I was dying 
2:46 Benji pretty much
I want to WIN that fan of the week THIiiNG || Such an inspiration  no cap  !!!! I wannnaaaa win this thing 
Haha u dont know what to to except prank
Sorry Nate but DUNCLAN for the win  kidding. Take big W's I'll always be part of the Garner gang
Dunclan xDDD
Love u guys so much
7:06 WHY DID I LAUGH SO HARD KSKSKSDKS
Lol this was funny you got him good
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City 90230
Can i be appreciated? Pls
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City 90230
MEEE ive been a fan since ur first video on ur old account 
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City 90230
11359 Rudman Drive Culver City 90230
I want to be on the wallllll!!!!!
I wanna win fan of the week
Can i just say I love you guys and i have been sub ever since 100k and im so happy i subscribed
He came in with the damn knife ..lol
I just don't know what to put in the comments
I wanna fricking win that fan or the week !!!!!!
Can I please be on the walllove you guys
My ears my ears my ears
I love when Karissa pranks nate
I wanna win fan of the week!!
14:59 same
I wonna win. Please and thank you.
i want to win fan of the week  Ily guys and btw one of you should do the condom prank ..
I want to win!!!
Aww he really cares  I was happy this was fake too  there perfect for eachother
Cruel but I liked it!
"Is he still f*cking in there?!!!!" 
*Throws empty water bottle at Karissa* 
I died! xD
Best prank ever..i watch again and again..make my day smile 
I love you guys you awesome man  
I watched your every videos  you guys the  perfect couple love you too . Ganer gang  stong
I want to be
Done!
I want to win!
love you guys sooo much!!
Nate: I just want to talk  me:oohh thats so. ccuuttee
When he grabbed the knife  I started dying of laughter 
Fan of the week!!!
DAMN THIS WAS SAVAGE
Prank queen karissaaaaaa
Karissa took that W prank was awesome...Love you both take that BIG W always.....Love you 
#TeamDunclan 
Dunclan FTW!  Haha.. i can't wait to see this revenge prank.
He was so emotional!!! My heart!!!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah, Brooo, fan of the week would be a FREAKING DREAM COME TRUE! Theres a lot of good fans out there,  850k of them, so I doubt I'd be picked, but damn... I'd take the 1/850,000 chance of being Narrisas fan of the week. Gotta keep hope! 
Done!!!!
I wanna be the fan of the week 
I wanna be on the fan of the weeek.
I wanna win that fan of the week
i want to win the fan of the week
Pick me plz I've watched and like all of your vids  love you
Damn i finished watching it and fuck!!!! Poor Nate...Karissa you made him cry! Good job lol. Awe he cares though!
I wanna win that fan of the week! Love you guys  es get it. #maxiscool
Starting to not believe any of theses pranks.
Garner gang forever
This shit faker then Kim Kardashians tits 
Lol jp
Beeeg duuuubleeeeuuuu
I watch everyyyyyyyyy videooooooooooooo and like every video.
brooooo
this had me rolling i was scared but so excited holy shittttt
how tf can people believe these are real. they do a prank every day and know its coming
I want to win and be on that board
omg i love you guys so muchhh!! best youtuber ever!! my friends and fam subscribed:)) 
I feel so bad for Nate but now Karissa is going to get it so much worse. This was SUCH a good prank 
I want to be FAN OF THE WEEK! My name is Walter! thank you for making my day every time i watch a new video
I never laughed so hard....love you guys relationship
I love yall so much
I want to winnnnnnn
DONNE, nate i've been watching since u had like 30k and i loved every second of the vids!
Ive never laughed so hard at a prank before
I wanna be the fan of the week! I wanna be on the big W wall 
pls subscribe to this channel ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGbzvm_6gZJ7nUodAgPpP1g ) its me and my friend channel and we are small youtubers and just started :) pls subscribe I will appreciate it so much !! And return the favor thanks for your time have a wonderful day  
Edit : our goal is 100 subscribers can we reach that by tomorrow?!  thanks yall the best
GREATEST PRANK EVER!!! 
#teamkarissa
HAHAAA Nate got to mad The best part is at 12:05 to 12:20
Nate needs to partner up with UDY for a  gold digger prank... and TRULY test Karissa ;)
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK...THING!!!
FAN OF THE WEEK?!?! I love yall 
he got the knife  & i just wanna talk
Poor Nate lol that be my though with the knife hahaha
" Everyday i take big wins, Everyday i take big wins "
Max: woof woof
Btw i want to be the fan of the week
Y did he get a knife 
Prank was awesome.W!!!.love you guys.
I WANA WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I JuST wAnT tO TaLK 
*holds a knife* ;)
"I wanna go back in the womb. I hate real life " Nate Garner 2019
U guys are the cutest puppy love ever!!!! 
A.k.a fan of the week 
I ..... WANT ..... MY ... NAAAAAAAMEMEEEEE WOOOOOOO
Yo can use my hand to clap with nate
I love you guys so much!!!! Ive never actually commented on anything that yall have posted but only cause ive been afraid to say something stupid. Anyways i love yall and maybe ill win fan of the week.
You need Jesus 
you should do the pregnant for 24 hours challenge
I want my name on that bored please love ya guys. my name is Skylar
You have a cool name tbh
Bout to kill someone with a knife then watching the sunset crying 
Yo know that moment when you forgot to comment on every video
Done!!!
Scary ass prank!!
It these are relationship goals then I don't know what is 
I would love to be on the wall! All done everything to get on it so hopefully you guys pick me!!!!!!
When Nate gets the knife:
Nate Garner 11359 Rudman Drive !!!
OMG she killed it..
Can I be part of the wall thing? I am subscribed and I pressed the like button on every vid I watched #garnergang I love you
I love how you used the book Jesus Calling couldnt stop laughing honestly! Good job!! Nate you better get her good dude #garnergang
I did not kno whether to like it cuz it was a good prank or dislike cuz i felt bad for Nate but i liked it cuz it would help both of y'all and the channel
Litteraly same!
That was literally the best prank ever!!!!
FAN OF THE WEEK LOVE YA GUYS
I want to win!
i am subscribed and notifs on! ive also liked the video and i REALLY would LOVE to be on the board for your LIT new grass wall!!
i want to win the fan wall notification on!
I can not get over how cute you 2 are love both of you and of course I love max too 
I appreciate you guys and the little things you do
Garner gannnnnggg
I wanna win the fan of the week!!
I love you and I have been watching yall for 2 years and I would love to be the fan of the week. Much love from Texas
That's pretty goooooood
i subscribed and turned the notification bell on. I was wondering if I can have my name on the board? I'ts DJ.
BEST PRANK EVER. LOVE every part.  Nates reaction was SO cute!! From the part where  he went psycho and grabbed the knife to where relief washed over his broken heart,,, 
You two are so perfectly cute.... 
FANNN OF THE WEEKKKKK & I LIKED THE VID & SUBSCRIBE & GOT POST NOTIFS TURNED ONNNNN
Its so funny Bc Im a Christian and this has so many cuss words but I had a great talk about Christ and I now understand that its okay to feel insecure
Damn Karissa deserves the prank crown she's the prank queen I wish my phone didn't die because this was awesome  good job Karissa damn nate is gonna get her good I would love to be the fan of the week but I rather someone else win 
Donnnnneeeeeeeeeeeee! 
I want to fan of the week :)))) I wanna take that big W :)
I have my post notifications on and I am subscribed I love you guys you guys should stay together forever
Doneeee!!
this is how fast my mood changes
who doesnt want to be in or just apart of ur videos
#done
Why was he holding a knife
*i bet at this point its hard for them to tell whats real and whats fake lmaooo*
Fan of the week.
Hold on lemme laugh
Nate rlly just pulled out a knife  he was ready  to  go Lmaoo his reaction was so sweet 
"Well well well" *as she places the crown on her head and flips that hair*
I just wanna talk
Holding a knife
I waana win so badly
pick me i watched since 2015
Hey I made you guys a couple of songs aka wrapps but I'm still working on them it might take a month nut I'm 11 and a song writer.
Nate has herpes lmaooooo love your channel bro W
I wanna get my name on there I watch all every day no joke
Do the used condom prank on Karissa #GarnerGang
I wanna win that fan of the week!!!!!!#garnergang
I know it not gonna be me butttttttt oh wellllll. I love you guys
I felt so bad for Nate 
up the Annie Nate and do a cheating prank with her mom LOL
I couldnt hear
plz put me on the wall ily u guys
Dude I would have been right behind you with that knife for whoever tried to steal Carissa from you man you guys are the perfect fucking couple dude!
Been subbed been having notifications on and got a friend to sub I liked all of the vids I could
I think the fan of the week is a good idea and I love the grass walls also karissa took that big W
I want to be fan of the week
sooo these pranks be all scripted cus theres no way you didnt see this prank coming like every single day 
its my birthday in 41 minutes!!! it would make my day if u responded
I want to win the fan of the week 
Even though the the the top of this says Melissa that's my mom's name my name is carissa to although it is probably spelled different
I had a dream the day before this was posted and it was about learning to love the little things  idk if it just ironic or what 
Love you guys
TEAM KARISSA good ass prank 
I want my name on the wall
Prank starts at 8:00
Karissa:  Nate r u there?
Nate:  Yea, I just want to talk *while holding a knife*
Me: Umm U Sure About That???
Omgsh best prank yet!
Done!!!!
KARISSA WAS HAVING A BLAST WHILE NATE WAS LITERALLY HAVING A BREAKDOWN
I like your video's so much ...you guys r so entertaining...
I wanna be on ur wall!!! I love y'all
I love you guys so much and love watching your videos. Im definitely a Garner Gang (and a dunclan) member!!  thank you for all you guys do! I look up to you  
And I wouldnt mind getting my name on the grass wall....
I want that fan of the weekkkkkkk
He is love you so much
fan of the week! :) my name is narissa aka your ship name hahah
I wanna win!! 
I wanna win whooooo !!!!!!!!
I wanna be on the wall !!!!
I really want to be the fan of the week
In the Next prank video whoever finds out its a prank should act like they pass out
Dude these pranks are literally so fake like I love yall but every video is a made up prank its so obvious
I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK (btw my name is Lena)
Best prank yet. He loves you so much
i wanna win!!!
Oh my!!!! I want to be fan of the week! I love your vids! Karissa great prank lol!
FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!
Fan of the week! :) I dont know what Id do if I didnt have you guys to watch, you guys make my day 100x better and I cant thank you guys enough for all that you dolove you guys
Honestly I'm so glad I came across this channel I laugh everytime Also I would love to be fan of the week!
How sweet..u deserve a million's subscribers.I'm always watching your vlogs..love u both.
Im a fan from Philippines
"I wanna win that thing!!!!" plz meeeeeee
I wanna be the fan of the week
I wanna win the fan of the week thing !!
Karissas so good at pranks lmao
I really can't  help my self cry everytime i see nate crying  hahahahaha. You got him karissa that's is a tje best prank ever i can't even do that to my man for sure even if it's a prank he will never believe and get soooo badly mad at me hahahaha but anyway nice prank this prank is soooooooo cool love you guys  By the way im a Fan from Philippines 
I wanna be the fan of the week sooo bad
I love nate and karissa sm
Man yall making me laugh a lot sometimes I just need a good laugh
Omg that was wild but I love how he cares alot love yall
You should do a throw up prank
Can I be fan of the week
Please end the prank wars guys im just waiting for another break up. This shit aint healthy.
Who else agrees that Nate and Karissa are the best YouTube couple?
Fan of the week!!!! I LOVE YALL SO FRAKING MUCH!!!!!!
Aww i want to win
Make me fan of the week!
I WOULD DIE TO HAVE MY NAME ONE THAT WALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
I wanna be FAN OF THE WEEK! I love u guys together 
I wanna win that fan thingy  I am pretty sure I commented what you said   
Ive been supporting you even before you were with karina (2yrs)when i though i had a chance jk. FAN OF THE WEEK
Prank starts at 5:30
I want to be in the wall!!!!! Btw I love you guys and you and Karissa and so cute together
Everytime Karissa came on on the other side of the door I died
I want to be the fan of the week!!!! Ly guys 
I watched every single video since the beginning
Fan of the year.... Have watch every video every day... 
This was so funny but sad for Nate
I WANNNA TAKE A W AND WINNNNN
I want to be the fan of the week :,) I watch all of your videos and like them bc I love you guys content 
0:37 "and we're here to make your day a lot better"
Me: Thank you 
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK PICK ME PICK ME PLEASEEE I LOVE YOU GUYSSS !!!!!!!!!!!
Garner ganngggg
im watching  every video...                              .. since 28 k subs
i wanna win ive been subscribed for a long time
I want fan of the week!!
These arent entertaining anymore they used to be funny but now I feel like these are detrimental to the relationship and constantly putting unneeded stress on eachother like that is very unhealthy.
I love yall !!!!
This one was the best
I WANNA WIN I LOVE YOU GUYS 
Can I win the fan of the week
Can I win the giveaway
Them in the beginning
*Both kiss each other*
Nate:let's stop before we make a baby 
Me:thats not how it works
My sister: it was a joke
Maddy m. What?
i wanna go back in the womb. i hate real life! felt that 
I would be personally honoured to be the fan of the week I love the big W king an queen plus cute lil max!! 
Thanks, Lydia
I wanna be the one!!
I want to win!!
I've been here since the start I love u guys my name is
Yaneli
I want to be the fan of the week I've been here since you introduced karissa I feel like I never win anything online I love you guys so much , I am such a fan girl you guys are my favorite youtubers and my least favorite day is Tuesday because you don't post and the day is so boring I have nothing to be excited for
I want to be the fan of the week!
I watch you every day I love you guy so much you guys are so funny when I feel sad I watch you guys and laugh and my life is better
do a prank that nates mom says he cant be with karissa
or one where karissa is pregnant
Team Karissa 
I wonder what its like being the fam of the week
The stuff that's gonna go down for pranks after this are gonna be epic.
I love you guys and your vids
Fan of the week!! I watch all your guys videos and sometime i rewatch them 
#dunclan!
Ill take that big W if Im the fan of the week plsss
CONGRATSSSSS NICHOLASSSS yes i will listen to the grass wall
9:28.
10:07 ARE YOU SERIOUSLY GOING STILL
I told ya nate will cry  but that's okay. It shows that he really loves karissa 
omg im sad :(
I want to be on the WALL PLEASE
KARISSA JUST WON THIS PRANK CROWN FOREVER LMAO HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LIKE NO PRANK WILL EVER TOP THIS PRANK HAHAHAHAHA
When she cringe about the sound of those *THINGS* ! Uhuh. That's me right there!
PLSSS I WOULD DIE AND GIVE UP MY LIFE TO BE FAN OF THE WEEEKKKKK IM HERE ALLLL THEEEE TIMEEEE
I died when he got the knife  but this was the best prank ever 
PISSED MYSELF WHEN THE PORN STARTED PLAYING HAHAHHAHAAHAHHHAHAHHAHA
Ive been subscribed and I liked your videos and I always comment.
Eat more bananas it helps with cramps. Not just Nates banana real banana
I subscribe
I just got dumped yesterday for literally nothing, and watching your vlogs really makes me happy and smile lmao
I would love love love to be the fan of the week I love u guys both so so so much all your videos give me so much laughter and joy and btw #teamkarissa #prankqueen
Whats that on Nates top lip?... herpes
We all know what happened after thus
I want to be that fan of the week thing!!
You are the most cutes couple everrrrr and it makes my day
I wanna be on the appreciation sign please
I really want to win fan of the week
Please me. I took a big win and asked out my crush and im now dating her!!!
I wanna be fan of the week cause you guys are my favorite youtubers
You guys are so funny that's what makes my day light up
i wanna win the fan of the week you are so funny  
i wanna win
The knife though
That was the funniest thing ever he grabbed a freakin knife Im dead
Plzzzz just ask her to marry u 
THE WAY SHE PUT THE CROWN ON
I wanna win the fan of the week please... if you dont put my name on that grass wall I'll come from Ecuador and kick ya ass... PUT ME THERE ... love ya
I was watching porn 
i wanna win fan of the week! btw this vid was awesome XD
and that was one bigggg knife homie wasnt playing games
Edit: omg thank you all for the likes!!!
When I saw he has a knife I was thinking that Karissa was over 
Pick me to be the fan of the week lol
i want to be the fan of the week! ive been watching every one of your vlogs since day one. love you guys so much. keep doing you!
I wanna win love u guys soooo much ur such a cute couple
nate cussing is like 
I want to win this!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And my name is kianna butler
i love how she was clapping at the beginning lol and he was so confused
Zaina Olibah i know haha 
Belani Abam then she started using a book about Jesus 
I want really bad to be my namee
hey broskie i wanna win yass
Put my name on there. If you dont its cause youre dumb
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEKKKKK AHHHHHHHHH
Ilyg and Im glad karissa did that prank because now we now Nate will a kill. Any one who contributes to their break up besides karissa
hi nate and karissa i really hope i can be the fan of the week, freaking love all of your videos and watch all of then, i am absolutely subscribed and turned post notifications on
Karissa plz do the throwing up blood prank! 
Also love u guys sm!
I wanna win the fan of the week, thing! please...?
You almost killed by him lol
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK I WANT THAT BIG W BABY
I want to be on ur wall
I think Ive watched almost all of your videos and it would mean so much to be fan of the week. Ive been subscribed since around 300,000 and I love you and Karissa so much. You guys are amazing, even though sometimes you put each other through hell with these pranks 
But that knife though. Sorry Nate.
I wanna win the fan of the week!!
No ones gonna talk how bad their acting are
yall literally bring me to the happiest tears  take those big Ws, LETS WIN THIS NAME OF THE WEEK!
Oh jeez I love these guys 
Hey want is up take big W
I wanna be fan of the week?!please...
DAMN she will forever hold the crown without question 100%
11:38 Karissa's reaction to the knife 
I wanna ein so bad
could i be the fan of the week please? i love you guys so much.
karissa has became a savage prank queen xD poor nate
I wanna win the fan of the week please!! Love you guys soo much
I want my name to be on that thingy tHiNgY luv ya guys so much  btw my name is Bella 
You know Nates a youtuber when he puts the Thanos meme perfectly when my brain thought of the same thing 
I wont to win please
Fan of the week?
Lol nate crazy
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK! MY NAME IS FAITH WOOT WOOT
#teamkarissa 
IM CRYING!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys always find a way to put a smile on my face even if I'm having a bad day.
Can I just say not all your fans are young as hell!! Dont forget you got some 29year old (almost 30 year old ) fans that love you just as much!! I watch ALL your videos and love every second of it! 
Best prank and reaction everrrrrr!!!!
IM FROM PH!! PLS SAY HI FROM PH I LOVE YOU BOTH!! 
Donee
Best prank ever omg yes the best! #PRANKQUEEN!
I want to win that fan of the Week thing
That was epic
This is the best video ever
I want the iphone
Love from India
Can you please pick me for the fan of the week.
i want to win! put my name on the sign please? ly
I wanna be the subscriber of the week.
Nate is truly in love with Karissa
Oh yea he just wants to talk. he has knife
I want the pranks to continue forever I think there hilarious
Awwwww his voice when he saw that it was just  BRITNEY broke my heart hes so cute 
Hehehehhe I winnnn I love yall so much
I will cry if you put me on the wall
Cute af
I tried to like all of them so can I please have my name on the wall
I wanna be fan of da week! 
Can I be fan of the week Im subscribed and everything please GOOD JOB KARISSA
Omg I crying here the best prank I ever saw
Hmm Nate had a knife there, didn't he?
Who also thinks karissa is the prank Queen 
This is #TeamKarissa the real Queen 
100 to like your comment
Are you still friends with the dollan twins?
When karissa said hello earthlings she got me weak 
Wow that knife oh
Love yall
who else turned the sound down lmao
5:04 hahah max barking saying we gonna take those big Ws
Fan of the week please! Road to one mil let's go!
I wanna be the fan of the week
Wanna
i win????????
 done 
I wanna be fan of the week I have watched all ur videos
"I just wanna talk" with a knife in his hand
Im an upcoming YouTuber  trying to get to 2K  check me out & subscribe 
@Anna yh
Be Happy if anything Britney would be having a funeral
Think the knife was for Britney
I was scared
Yooooooo that knife
Much respect
I love you so much  you r the best!! I want to be on the fan wall 
I WANTT TO WINN
This was such a good video 
I would like to win the shoutout of the day
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK THINGGG!pls?
I wanna get the big W
I wanna winnnnn ma name is johanna
SUBSCRIBE https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCODuZ55yzJXtbxplYFQoAew
You don't need to approve or show that you appreciate us because we appreciate you we know that you appreciate us
It's done big win everyday
And thank you for making these videos it has helped me through alot of rough times most especially with bullies your videos made me stronger everyday thank you
I SMASHED.. that like button 
I wanna win that fan of the week thing- Nate //////Abby Harrell
He grabbed a knife!!  omg Nate
I want to be in the fan wall I am  subscribed and I like every video and I have my post notifications
Yessss girl
I would feel bad for Nate but hes done some mean mean pranks on her
GARNERRRRRR GANGGG!
I wanna win the fan of the week my name is kiki
I love you guys so much I can't even explain you guys have the cutest relationship Holy shit, you guys r my favourite you tubers like  love to be put under the wall haha
I TAKE THOSE BIG W'S!
I did it I am going to take that big W and be the little thing yall appreciate
I love that Nate has a nife
nate stop acting like your going to kill him if you did then um ,911 please
So did anyone els peep the machete size he had in hand
Nate omgosh your voice made me cry. 11:55 
Want to win that fan if the week 
You guys are so funny I love all 3 of you max included
This as such a good prank
We takeeeee biggggg WWWW babyssssss 
Grass wall
Grass wall
Grass wall
I want to win
Grass wall
But he shoulda known it was a prank cause if it wasn't, she would have stopped those sounds knowing he was there so it's either;
1. The pranks are planned 
2. They aren't planned but they (especially Nate) always know when they're being pranked and go along with it for the sake of the video
3. The pranks pulled on Karissa are usually more believable or she's a very good actress
He is soooo sweet
I did it
 I just wanna fucking talk  
Tf is the Knife for then lmao
I would literally cry if I got on the signI love y'all
I wanna be on the board lol
I would like to submit my application for the fan of the week!
I wanna win!!!! BIG WINS
Is it just me, or has Karissa been destorying Nate with these pranks??
Nate: im fucking breakdown this door HAHAHAHAHA
I want to be the fan of the week
He said I'm glad you weren't doing that you fucking bitch 
congrats
I am here with you from 160k
i like how they had a selection to chose from for the iphone giveaway how cute now im ready to watch this amazing prank  karissa really be killin it w the pranks so i know this gonna be a good one :))
I want to be the fan of the week I am an angle  
If you do not I will FUKING fbi your house up 
Pick me I love yall so much
Pick me please
He had a knife
Please pick me to be the fan of the week I love yall so much
Lmao I was in a really bad relationship when I found you Nate and. Ive realized that I shouldnt have done that to myself and youve made me so much happier and I am so glad I found you, I am proud of you and Ive been following along through all the ups and downs. Just wanted to say keep taking big Ws and I love you -Aliya
I love karissa so much #teamkarissa forever
she looked so beautiful with the crown on
I wanna win that fan of the weeklove u guys sm  #notifactionsquad
I want to win the fan of the week
Best family on YouTube. Taking big wins #garnergang
I LOVE THEM TOGETHER#GARNERGANG
I'm late to the video so prolly won't win but my name is Breanna
II WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
The dramatic music tho
I wanna be fan of the week 
Please put my name 
I want to win the name  on the grass wall
I want to win
Done done done
Fan of the week would be great I love you guys 
My day is made!!!! Love youuu two.
I love you guys so much you guys the best persons in the world
I always support youuuuu best coupleeeee
I wanna win fan of the week and I completed all of the things Im subbed
I wanna be dan of the week 
WE TAKE BIGG W THE W FAMILY 
Lmao love how they ended right as they kiss
That was the biggest prank love you nate and karrisa
I want to be fans of the week
I'd Love to be on your board!!! #GarnerGang Pick Me .  P.S. DONE
I want to be on the fan wall
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!!
Yes Karissa QUEEN! Love u guys
Take big W's
Wow that was so emotional and awkward, but it was such a good prank 
I hope I win u guys make my day after balling my eyes out about the passing of my idol Cameron Boyce and Im so thankful for you guys and I wont lie I think to myself a good 10 times a day hmmm  I wonder wat Nate and karissa are doing right now.U guys are definitely my fav YouTubers and thats no lie
Yall need to stop doing these pranks bruh yall starting to have issues
And we all know they had makeup sex
Hahaha yesssss, this prank is fuckin great fr, Fuckin love you karissa 
Awwww the way he said heartbroken 
Nate: "I jUst WAnt tO taLk"
Also Nate: while holding a knife
I freakin love the garner gang. When i am feeling down i always watch y'alls video to make me feel better!!!! I totally want to be fan of the week!!! Love y'all
I want to be the winner but my real name is anahi
Karissa: bow down to you prank queen bitxh Me:daaamyyynn
Every day i start my life with your video..
And I really want to win 
Omg if you put my name Ill cry
you should do a prank of coming out as gay or lesbian video
Her: how about you bow down to your fair queen BITCH!
Me:* laughing while my fam stares at me*
hes like im gonna fucking break done the door, LOL
imma win dat fan of the week thingo >:3
I wanna win the fan of the week! #teamkarisaPranks!!!
i love this freaking idea your so smart Karissa  Ahhhhhhh could it be me PLEASE? idk i think everyone deserves to be on that wall:)
0:01 who noticed his words went with the beat lol
And we take big W
And my nofication is only
Every video is liked I love you guys 
I already know this Is gonna get intense  love you guys 
Hey I love yall a lot and I support everything yall do . Big lovvve 
I wanna win that fan of the week!! subscribed and notifs on!!!!!!
I would love to win fan of the week I love you guys so much I love all your videos
Karissa you get him so good hail to the queen
Hahahaha lol when Karissa clap her hands to making that sound when someone is doing ehemm ehemm 
I wanna win that fan of the week thing!! 
But seriously though I DO!!
Fan of the week please I luv Ur vids my name is Atoulloh
Omg lol love you guys so much
I love you guy  and hope I get fan of the week!!
thats a good prank Go QUEEN
Heeeyyyy why dont you make a song entitled We take big wins
I think Carissa did the prank so well, I dont think your boy will ever top that. She took the crown 
Done.
Please pick me for the fan of the week!!
Can i be the fan of the week pls i love you both and i watch every video and i would love to be the fan of the week i  u
Greatest prank
I died. Just so you know.
Karissa with the EPIC Win.
done!
doneeeee
i honestly had a dream that i met you guys it was the best dream i ever had idk if that is weird
We the strongest family on YouTube!!!!!!!!!
I just love this video
This video was the best i ever seen in my life i love his reaction was so kiut!!
Nate is a Mood 
fan of week
prank starts at 5:28 YOURE WELCOME
Bro that prank won the war
I wanna take the biggg ((((((W)))))) EVERY singleeee DAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!
He loves u so so so much
Oooooh baby!! I wanna be the fan of the week PICK ME! I love yall
nate was about to kill someone. I started tearing up for him omg that was intense 
i fucking saved all my money for merch i have 100 rn
I want to be the fan of the weeks 
I WANT THE FAN OF THE WEEK. I LOVE YOU MAX, KARISSA, AND NATE YOU ARE THE BEST. BIG W
I Felt Bad For Nate But I Am On Team KARRISA  Prank QUEEN
Damn, Nate was mad mad 
Nate,,, i wanna be the winner
the sex noises made me CRINGE LOL SCREAMING
this prank was one of the best 
I want to be the fan of the week please.
Wait why on earth did he have a knife.....thats weird!!!
Its my birthday 
This prank was the BOMB !!
how can they keep falling for this ;) they've done this a few times. :)
Brittany always comes in handy
imma say what Nate said me to say...
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK!!
So funny Love you guys! 
Please no more childish pranks... Pranks were 5+ years ago on YouTube!
Best prank !!! 
I literally had to turn my volume down to 1% so my mom didnt hear 
Ashlyne Hills hhhhh me too
AINO CHIU not everyone is rich and owns AirPods like u
meanwhile I just proceed on watching with my dad also watching behind me
Meeee toooooooo herrrr
#teamkarissa
I WANNA WINNNNNNN I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH IVE BEEN TRYING TO TAKE BIG Ws EVERYDAY AND LIVE MY LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!!
Imma go on a liking spree v quick..
I love u Nate and Carissa and I hope I can be put on the sign
I loved this video  
Nate:just say you wanna win
Me: I WANNA FJSHDN WINNNN
IM LAUGBING SO HARD
Been subbed for awhile and post notifs are on. Person of the week?
9:29 .. Did he just get a knife..
can i be the fan of the week??
11:43 when Nate said Whatd I do to deserve this you can tell he loves Karissa! That hit hard! Hes so cutee
(Edit: tysm for the likes)
fr same
I want to win the name of the week, been watching you guys for a long time, love you Nate and karissa!
8:28 When she said  ahh right there the way she said it and the tone was so cringey
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK TH- THING!!
I DIDNT WIN I TOOK THE BIGGEST L OF MY LIFE I COMMENTED ON EVERY VIDEO AHH JK LOL ITS OK IMMA SAVE SUM MONEY TO BUY 1 LOVE U GUYSSS
Ok the knife really scared me
video 1 until Nate replies to my comment.
I want to be the fan of the week plz!!!
Nate and Karissa, I really want to be the Fan Of The Week because I am a huge fan of you guys, and I'll really appreciate the little thing of having my name on your grass wall. 
REALLY HOPE YOU CONSIDER ME!!!
I LOVE YOU GUYS
I want to win that fan of the week. Thing?
Bitch! This Video Deserves MILLIONS of views!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it
Nate and Karissa, I really want to be the Fan Of The Week because I am a huge fan of you guys, and I'll really appreciate the little thing of having my name on your grass wall. 
REALLY HOPE YOU CONSIDER ME!!!
I LOVE YOU GUYS
Yasssssssss Karissa back at the pranks  love you guys
I would very much appreciate the fan of the week!! I have watched every one of you guys videos and they help me a lot!! I love you guys so much!! Also liked and subscribed
Nates outfit was fire today plus genuinely felt bad when he was about to cry.
Who else loves who else loves who elseee... FFS WHO ELSE LOVES HOW FAKE THIS IS
Big w
I wanna win pick me or you're dumb just kidding you get what I did there the meme because you're dumb ok sorry.  I'm stupid haha. 
I want to take a big W !
I wanna be the fan of the week
I want to winnnn plzzz 
*Rollingggg* after he saw it was Brittany
I wanna win the fan of the week!!! Please
I liked all you videos have a great day love yall
I wanna be on the sighn thing -Ava
"You need jesus"
"I just wanna talk"
*pulls out a knife*
He did the right thing
Dayleen Rios WHAHAHA 
Wow! One of the best pranks Ive watched! 
You's two are the cutest, melts my heart 
Good job. Carissa you finally got him back. Take them big W
#BigWs
I wanna be the fan of the week!!
I liked the vid, subscribed, and turned on that bell!
Love you guys
u guys r so cuteee, I love all of ur videosss I would love to be the fan of the week :))
I dont ever get. Picked
OMG when NATE cries </3
Aww this made me want to cry the love between u
The best prank EVER by the way I really want to win fan of the week I have like all you guys videosmy name is Diamond
ive been subbed since you showed that karissa into the vlog :)
I wanna have my name on the grass wall!! Would mean the world to me
the entire time I was just like: *ew*
I love you guys I want to win the fan of the week and take that big W.
sToP iTtTTTT
I love you guys so much I would love to been on your grass wall.
I want to win the fan of the week!!!
Love yall can I get a shout out or win subscribed and notifications are on
Lmaoooo this is the best YouTubers everrrr
Plz plz plz put me on the wall I love you so so much
FAN OF the week babbyyyyy (in Nates voice)
Donnnnnneeeee
I wanna win
I love you guysss!!!
Good job karissa this video is so funny ever I seen and jus make my days so far but plus I hope yall have an great days ...!
*Lil Mickey*
I wanna win 
Love y'all
Fan of the week plz!!,  I watch every video!!!
I want to win that. My name is Dakota.
Had post notification on since day and can you be my friends
just don't let this ruin ur relationshipthats all i am worried about
Fan of the weekkkk
I want my name on the bottom of the sign
i wannnnnnnaaaaa wiiiiiinnnnnnnn- Skye
HAHAHAHA I JUST WANNA TALK WITH THE KNIFE IN HIS HANDS
wish my boy is gonna be that terrified to lose me too, but anyways that was epic 
I want to winnnnnnn to take big wins!!!
Best prank everrrrr 
karrisa pulled a god  prank on nate literally so good he frekin had a knife!!!! by the way nate i love your videos i hope you read this i am like your biggest fan i love you sooooo much can you please do a prank on karissa where you leave without her knowing and hide from her for 24 hours but try not to let her see you
I wanna win the fan of the week I like all of your videos and I am subscribed
nate u should do a prank on ur parents called caught having sex by my parents
When u randomly skip to 7:06
Nope saw the adds and Im out
Karissa:  ( Whispers )He had a knife?? 
 Hey... 
Nate: F*ck you 
*throws earbuds at door*
Nate: I JUST BROKE MY F*CKING EARBUDS BECAUSE OF YOU
YAAAASSSSSSS KARISSA U GOT HIM GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to be on the letter bored.. I always take big W's
Heyy zupppp I'm from Philippines and love your videos hope I'll be a FAN OF THE WEEK.
Omg Nate looked so sad and hurt , but NICE prank KARISSA!!! love u guys
I want to be the FREKING fan of the WEEK love yall funniest people on this platform if not on the PLANET
Kelly davis in Macon GA
Omgee that prank was a good good one..#teamKARISSA
Karissa did that shit
i wanna be the fan of the week!!!!!! i like your vids and i subscribed <3 i love yall so much
I hope maya gets up there!
Please pick me I have subscribed,liked video and I hit notifications. Also I love you guys sooo much. You guys are so cute together and hilarious I love your videos and I just love you guysssss and tysm for making me laugh everyday!!
Im srry Nate I might move to Karissas team this was sooo freaking gooodd damnnnn Karissahow u do the man like dat
So sad I didnt win
Look at Nate's eyes when Karissa told him that was just a revenge prank
i wanna win the fan of the weeeek!
FOLLOWING U SINCE U HAD 100K. N now BOOK 800k. BIG FAN. KEEP GOING
Damn she really did that shit.....BUT IT WAS STILL A BANGER DUDEEEE BIG WS
I want to win the fannnn of the weeek ily
I wanna win fan of the week(:
Wanna win!
16:59karissas laugh has me dead
i wanna win BIGGGGG WINNNNNNNNSSSSSSSS.
Your channel's annoying.
Me please i really hope Im under appreciation wall
They are the best
Poor Nate lmao but I couldnt stop laughing
I take big w EVERYDAY!! I want my name on the board!! I subbed and liked!
The BIG W Wall OF IMPORTANCE
Fan of the week right here! Been with you guys since like 230k subscribers!
I wanna be on the sign I love yall
FAN OF THE WEEK! I LOVE YALL SO MUCH AND WATCH ALL YOUR VIDS !
Nate crazy asf over karissa  hand over that prank crown Nate
Its part of my daily to watch one of your video's and like them so I'M SURE I SHOOOOOO...UUUUUULD WIN TO BE ON YOUR GRAASSS WALL OF IMPORTANCE
I didnt think it was possible to laugh while cringing this prank was awesome
Nate: I just wanna talk 
Also Nate: holding a knife
I have to admit this prank was one of the best
I wanna win  so bad please
I love you so much 
Oml!!! This prank was amazingly intense . Definitely one of my favorites
I wanna win soooo bad plz I wanna b on that board
I live you guys so much and I like every video and I am subscribed and have notifications on and I want my name on the grass wall I love you guys so much 
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK. IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD. I will probably never get picked tho. K bye.
I want to be on your wall!!!!!!
Fan of the wekkkkkkkkkkkk let's take big w
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK.... THING!
I would LOVE to be the fan of the week!! I LOVE YOU GUYS SOOOO MUCH
17:11 
This is so funny!!!!
12:13 well, well , well idk why but this part made me laugh so much
Luis Gomez it should be a vine
Luis Gomez SAME.
I love you guys so much and I watch your videos as soon as I notice them
Hey my name is adrianna bernardi and i want to be sign thing
karissa made me laugh so hard on this vlog 
17.11 
i wanna be the fan of the week ! haha i love yall i dont miss not one of yalls video
Shes a savage 
THIS WAS SOOO GOOD
14:59 That's a mood
Love you guys!!
aw i wanna be the fan of the week, i think its cute haha
Your like Barbie and ken Barbie is the one who is kind and generous while ken gives her all his attention and makes sure shes ok and max we can forget is like Barbie golden retriever lol hope this is special to you guys. Love you
i live for their relationship
Bro I don't understand. If your girl is cheating on you, fuck her up, the boy didn't do sh*t.
Nate: u better have a good fkn morning.
Me: balling my eyes out and attempting to make my emotions disappear
*I woke up to look outside to see that someone had hit my puppy with a car and just drove off without saying something*
(she died instantly which was better for her cause she wasn't put thru any pain. i just don't understand how you can't see a 30 lb black dog at 10 AM and then have the audacity to just drive off and not say or do anything. she was too young and was killed a week before her first birthday)
I wanna be the fan of the week please my real name is Grace I.
Im a big fan of you i have been subscribed since you first did videos on YouTube your the bestttt
Man that was the best ever prank i have seen in my life, the best ever my stomach is paining so much by laughing at the small small anger moments of Nate in the video and Karisass way of playing with u...man u guys are awesome...love u guys alot... take dat big W all the time....W.
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEK
THE FAN OF THE WEEK NAME IS MCKENZIE BELL
I wanna win that fan of the week, I love you guys so much.  I watch you guys everyday!!
I doooo 
I wanna win that fan of the week
Omg i love you guys
FAN OF THE WEEK I LOVE YALL 
i wanna know what he was planning on doing with that knife
Bow down to your prank queen BITCH 
If you put my name on the wall not only will I get super exited and probably faint butt (butt intended) but it would make my W for the week even better. Hope you choose me! Love you guys!
15:36 never say never
I want to win!!
That was so funny guys
I wanna win garner gang
Tap the like button if you love Nate Garner and Karissa 
BTW Im not mad but did anyone else notice my spamming of saying done and my name wasnt on there  
Lmfao at 9:22 when Karissa pulls out Jesus is calling I died 
Omg he got a knife!
Best prank by far!!!!!!!
I love all your guys video
Im crying 
15:37 just awwwww  it makes me feel soo happy ,and single at the same time
I want to win a gift away please next me
I WANT to WIN THE WEEK SUB HOPEFULLY I WIN LOVE U TWO
Can we talk about the fact Nate isnt even in workout clothes lol great prank Karissa
Subscribed - check 
Like all videos - check 
        
      Id love to be on the appreciation wall it would mean the world to me  and I love you guys soo much  dont know what Id do without your videos. 
..... comment saying I want to be on the wall - check 
Lol karissa killing it with the pranks !!
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!!!
Fan of the weekI wanna take the big W
I dont watch this infront of my parents
I can watch this OVER and over I just showed my friends they laugh and they sub
Aw poor nate 
I love how he care that much
I felt bad when Nate cried, it shows how much he loves Karissa this prank was the best Karissa has made she really pulled it of!!
I wanna be on the board. Ive subbed for a long time
I also liked and subscribed
Can I be on the wall?
This was hilarious!! This was the best prank ever lol! they have seriously been so juicy! Love u guys! Good job karrisa and nice reaction Nate lol your reaction was bomb lol! I would love to be the fan of the week! But I will always appreciate the little things like that you gave us this opportunity to be the fan of the week! Love u guys! Keep it up! You guys inspire me!
I wanna win the fan of the week!!!!! Take that BIG W
Nate and Karissa, 
I just want to take a moment and thank you for everything you do. You put a smile on my face every day and have really improved my overall self esteem. Never change who you are and continue to change the lives of people like me. 
- A loyal Garner Gang member
P.S. I love your idea of the #1 fan Karissa
Karissa that was  crazy with the prank but it was really good that u got him back for what he did to u that was funny I love our videos 
I WANNA WIN LETS GOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hahahaha queen of prank
I want to be the fan of the week  please !!!!!!!!
I wanna Winn the big w fan of the weeeerk.  W
I want to be the fan of the week!!
Faaakkeee
I wanna be the name on the wall
#fuckingcouplegoals
#fuckingcouplegoals
Woah this prank was good Karissa!  Fan of the week over ereeeeee 
I want to take that big W and be the fan of the week!
THATS THE BEST PRANK EVEEEEER
Ok so I love yall to pieces but like I dont understand how u believe all of these pranks yall do on each other like u do a prank everyday but do u
Best prank of all time 
When you announce the iPhone giveaway winner I low-key got sad because it wasn't me but then you said if you are upset that you didn't win don't worry cuz we take W's and I honestly have never been so happy to not win a giveaway we take those big W's no matter what
did anyone else die at 8:58
Just noticed karissa is stronger then nate 
I want to win the fan of the week I love your videos everytime I watch your videos it brings me joy and lots and lots of laughter!!
14:48 I told you she was a bitch" 
I WANNA WIN THE WINNER OF THE WEEK!!!
Sadly I don't win :(
Best prank everr i love you
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!
I want to win that fan of the week, thing!!!!!!!   #garnergang
Nate can you do the throw up prank on karrisa and pass out
The ace family should do this to decide the winner of the stuff they give away I think thats an awesome idea
Yes I love it!!! I laughed so hard the entire time  Karissa killed it!
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK THING
I jUSt waNT to TAlk
*while holding knife*
Im an upcoming YouTuber  trying to get to 2K  check me out & subscribe 
Hiiiiii
Destiny Gandy me when my siblings eat my food
Fr lol
Well Nate can't deny it she really did got you good, luck has strike Karissa's way you say that you'll get her back, free advice "DO NOT USE PEOPLE in you're pranks it wont end well trust me,but right now I have to bow down to Karissa she play you like a fiddle with you're greatest fear better than you with her fear of earthquakes , can't li that was really an epic one don't think anyone has done it like this!
I wanna win that iPhone but I didn't it ok tho I still got that big W
I want yo be part of the thing  i love yall so much and i been subscribe since long time
Ok I wanted to comment below before I watched the video. If u and Karissa are spongebob and Patrick, Im pretty sure benjis squidward. Just sayin
I want to be on the board
he had a knife lmao
i reallyyyy wanna won the fan of the week
This was one of the best n funniest pranks she has done  , deserved tht crown loll
Brooou, Nate is the cutest thing in the world. 
Am I the only one who cares about Nates headphones
Good job girl get him back!!
Karissa you are the best! U got Nate back so good 
i was watching this on a pretty loud volume and my sister from across the room was like "aw poor him, i wanna give him a hug right now" hahaha
love you guys!! and karissa that was legit 
that was on  hahahahhahahaha #MONSTERPRANKQUEEN!
Yasssss queeenn!!! Own that prank crown!!!!! 
I wanna hear Karissa sing, is it just me? ahahah<3
Karrisa you did such a good job
U guys need to do a marathon week where u guys do only pranks well one of u should do that to the other
I felt bad for nate
I wanna win the subscriber thing oh and your vids are greatlove you guys 
Nate: *has knife*
Nate: I jUsT wAnNa TaLk!
Are your pranks fake?
Just to let u know the next time they go on a trip he will propose  because if yall notice every time they go on a trip he makes a move . I am just saying 
Run them likes
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK
Oh my god this prank was amazing karissa really took the big W and she earned that crown Nate's reaction was priceless by the way i love you guys and please  never stop posting video's they make us all happy.
I love uuuuuu guys I am a part of the #ganergang forever and ever love u
HAND DOWN KARISSA WON THE PRANK WAR
OMG that was so fcking epic u get him soo good. Love u guys
I love you and karissa so much
Ooh poor natey did you get to taste your own medicine
Amazing prank karissa!! Loved watching it!! I would love to be the fan of the week!! I wish I won the iPhone!! Love you guys so much!!! Going to go like every video Coming up!!!! 
Why do people dislike this good content 
"I just wanna f****** talk"
*holds knife*
I wanna know what he was gon do with that LMAO
I WANNA WIN THE FAN ON THE WEEK!!!!!!!!! ILY GUYS
Karrisa when all out with that prank
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK...ALSO TAKE BIG W'S EVERYDAY BABY
I would love to win fan of the week and I definitely smashed the subscribe button and I flick it in every video
FAN OF THE WEEK 
"I just want to TALK" 
*holding a knife
Omg this is my fav vidd ever damnn shes so lucky for having him in her life hes literally the best
I love you both Karissa and Nate you're my favorite YouTube channel in the world
this video is so funny karissa making the noises 
I always keep up with your videos! They are always good and the pranks are so intense it's awesome lol.
Sorry Nate but the crown is karissas
I go to the YouTube 10x a day just to see if you posted something! you are the only reason why I still have YouTube Downloaded 
I WANT TO WIN FAN OF THE WEEK!! AND I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!
I wanna win the fam of the week!!! I love yall so much.
I love this prank so much Lmao!!
This was a good prank
*is he fucking still here* rip bottle   11:58
nate i JuSt WaNt To FuCkInG TaLk 
also *grabs a knife*
Can iplssss win the fan of the week
I wanna win the fan of the week love  yall
you guys are so cute, i cried
Me me me me me I wanna be the fan of the week THINGGGGG 
My names Reynu I wanna see how u pronunce it 
omgg loll I died at 9:31 " Open up the thing! I just wanna f***ing talk!!!" *while holding a knife* xD hahahhaha
this is the best vlog youve ever made
*are u seriously going still* 
I wanna ein the fan of the week
He grabs a knife
The prank starts at 5:28 just to let all of you know :)))
i wanna be fan of the week love you guys!!!
I know its fake, but damn are you guys entertaining lol
Once again DONE. and Karissa you killed it once again ! 
9:28 Nate I just wanna fucking talk!
But has a knife  in his hand  @ the same time love you guys
When she said "well well well" I died
DAWUUMMM she did take that big W frfr this time
You guys always make my day so much better!!! Just looking forward to your videos makes me so happy!!!
Nate should do a coming home drunk with someone prank
I feel like if Carisa were to fr cheat hed kill her
*wtf did u just say*
I WANNA BE FAN OF THE WEEK 
Literally finally karissa took that big W  
Sooooo happy that their good tho
I WANT TO WIN FAN OF THE WEEK Love you guys, Been subscribe for awhile now!!! Garner gang 4life lets gooooooo
Definitely come to The Bahamas so I can meet yall 
Ok no one will see this but NATE OR CARISSA PLESSE GSUSJWCDISK IDK I guess just answer pls
You did REAL good Karissa 
i whant to win the big W
Done 
I wanna win that shit nate I want my name on that freaking wall
I would cry if I got on the big w board
I didnt win but I still love yall with all of my heart 
I whant to be in the grass wall. Im latina and im waching you for the beegining like from 100k subs. Love youuuuuuuu
So funny guys do more like this make this button blue if u think the same
I wanna be the fan of the week
Now this is my FAVORITE video everTEAM KARISSA FOREVER 
*lol*
I loved the fact that he had a knife he was about to go to jail
You guys should do a video of going through karissas dms.  That should be hilarious love you guys I wanna be fan of the week
Just wanting to talk with a fricking knife karissa watching fricking porn  
I also got 5 of my friends to subscribe by going on their phone
U should do the used condom prank on Nate 
Ps.  #teamkarissa
Yea u should
After he does the next prank or that would just be mean
Hello i'am serine i just love tour Channel omg !!!and i take w Alm the Day if i do not win  the giffeway that do mettre i'am gana win your love bye i love you 
Wwwwwww
i love the editing all all those funny memes inserted 
I absolutely love your channel I wanna be on the wall! #karissatookthatW
I wanna win that fan of the week THING~luv u guys, byee
Not gonna lie. This was quite a splendid, exquisite, well-executed prank 
I have a suspicion this video will be one of the most watched videos on this channel.
i honestly want my name on that grass wall!!!!! i will keep in touch on every video.
I WANNA WINNNNNN 
done. i gotta take this BIG W and become the fan of the week!!
i want that fan of the week thingy  i really do btw and i'm subscribed and all that ! 
Congrats to Nicholas for winningg  Id like to be on the wall 
OMFG AHHAHA THIS IS SUCH A GOOD PRANK
I wont my name plz
I watch all of your videos and this phone would really help. You guys are so inspiring and literally have taught me that taking big Ws is possible. I have been watching you guys since the beginning
How did he not think it was a prank..
Omg Nate went from ready to kill someone with a damn knife to crying and watching the sunset damn karissa never cheat on him he really loves you.
I made a bad mistake and decide to take a drink while watching this bad idea I choked on my drink
I wannna win that fan of the weeek thing
--i love yall-- 
Awww karissa that was sooo mean
I wanna be the fan of the week
Put my name Nevaeh
Nate was ready to cut someone
Bow down to the prank queen, bitch 
Nevaeh
I love you guys!! Good job karissa for stealing that prank crown back
*i love y'all so much I watch every video and y'all are the cutest couple ever* Karissa that prank was *awesome* I was laughing the whole time I felt so bad for Nate tho 
Done!! Congrats Nicolas on the I phone!!! Good luck everyone for the next giveaway/fan of the week. I love you guys!!! Take big W's guys!!!!
Now that's a man who is in love with you. He doesn't just love you he is in love with you
I LOVE YOU!
Nate:fan of the week
Me: and a oop
I love u guys and I love being in the Garner Fam! I would love to win!
Awww nate!! The way you cared for Karissa was so cutee!! Keep doing what you're doing!! You guys are so amazing!! Love you!! Post notifications are on 
Im coming home to f*ck you up17:00
I wanna be on the wall
Karissa keep taking those big Ws!!!!!
I really want to win that is so cool and I watch all your videos
I wanna win!! I love you
My name is Aidaleydi I love you guys 
I wanna win FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!
16:59 
Numbs one fan over here love you guys 
Done  Done 
u should do one of this pranks on karissa so she knows how u felt 
I want to win fan of the week, love you guys
Me me
I wanna be sub of the week 
I wanna that fan of the week
I feel kind of bad because I am spamming your comment section but I just want to share with u guys how much u have done and helped me!
Love you guys  
This video was funny and sad at the same time... I started crying because I felt bed for Nate  
#GarnerGane #TeamKarissa #ApprciateTheLittleThings #TakingThoseBigW's
I would love to be on the wall of names
if I get it put my name as Brittany Dunclan Garner 
I want y'all to know how much I  love y'all soooooooo much 1millionnnnnnnnnnnnn
13:27 
Im wheezing lol 
That was perfect, He really loves you.
I wanna win
Done?
I hope someday I find someone like Nate 
I WANNA BE FAN OF THE WEEEEEK THAT SOUNDS SO FUN OMG ID BE SO HAPPY
want to talk with knife man lol
This is the best video yet when I saw the thanos meme is could not stop laughing at all man I was wheezing #Nategarner
Favorite YouTube video favorite channel favorite people !!!literally best prank ever srry Nate
I wanna take big ws
I wanna win the fan of the week!!!!!!
Damnnnnn bow down to the prank queen
I wanna win
 wnt t  n tht wll tw lv u gu nd kr u r th prnktr qun 
I LOVE THIS VIDEO  #TeamKarissa 
Bow down to your prank queen bitch! 
I wanna win that fan of the weeeeeeeeeek btw love you guys so much + max 
this is hilarious
I turned on notification_sub
16:58 
i'm coming home
TO F-K YOU UP
Damm karissa looks good with that crown
Hello I'm serine and I love your Chanel your the best
I wanna winnnn
i like them so much but i kinda feel like these are fake pranks hope not..
Karissa definitely deserves the crown that was the best park ever
I WANNA WINNNN
ive been suscribes for a while sooo i think i deserved 
I DEFINITELY WANT TO BE FAN OF THE WEEEEKKK 
I want to win that fan of the week
I wanna win!!! Subscribe and liked with notifications on :)
I wanna win, I love yall so much I've watched everyone of yalls video. Love yall
Yassss come to the Bahamas
And Karissa that was an amazing prank good job!!! Buuuut be aware Nate is gonna get u back big  cant wait!!! Whos gonna take the prank crown? Well I know that both of u guys r taking a big W! Also that grass wall is awesome!
I want that spot on the bord.  Big Ws
Ive Ben subscribed for the longest time Oml lygsm
2020 anyone??
Your 
Love this new idea
Hi i love you
Done liking all your vids and ig post  stay strong love birds 
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK 
I wanna win that fan of the week thing
I have subscribe button on
Notification bell on 
And all videos loved
This video was so funny  especially the part where Nate says what were u doing n then Karissa I was watching pornit was so funny
I would love to win the fan of the week thing love u guys and ur vids
Also hopefully y'all have another give away. love y'all so so so so much. 
I love you guys soooo much I would loveee to win the fan of the week! 
I cant thank u guys enough for all the help u have done... u might not have known but (of course u wouldnt know )  u helped me because u guys always cheer me up especially because my dog recently got surgery and I have a bunch of fake friends only some are loyal I just want to tell u guys how much I support u guys and love u guys 
HAHAHA I love this
I wanna win that thing  I want my name on that wall!!! I'VE ALWAYS BEEN SUBSRIBED AND LIKED ALL YOUR VIDS! much love
Okay so are we gonna get an explanation why the knife was in Nates hand 
he loves you so fucking much oh my god aw i love him
y'all. are so. awesome and for a fact that y'all are the. best and I can say 100 thing nice and awesome y'all are and in my book. I think y'all are the perfect couple also. I am. so happy. for the person who won that iPhone give away he took that big W
Wtf......
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEK!! I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH! MY SISTER AND COUSIN MAKE FUN OF ME FOR ALWAYS SMILING WHILE WATCHING UR VIDS!!!!!!!!!
Life is just better see your videos and eating coffee ice creamAnd I also wanna be the fan on the wall whatever thats called
Every Tuesday I have a little mental break down when I realize they dont post that day  Whos with me? 
Post notifications on love you guys with my whole heart
These are too fake now
let me winnnnn
See these type of pranks can and do break YouTube relations, so many thought would never break up, like 2018 was known as the year of the YouTube couple break up, but they were relentless pranksters all the time or, life happened, don't go down the doing these type of pranks, I know ur solid but they are bad. I've never been one for energy stuff, but u put negatively out there u can see when matters of heart get broken.but nate still managed to edit a video that was hard for him,and did it with style, but don't go down that route. That energy of feeling he had doesn't just disappear and it why repeated pranksters have problems. She is genuinely a sweet person which does make a difference to mean of heart
I wanna WIN that fan of the week, ThInG 
I subscribed, flicked the like button  and hit that bell. (Though I have been subscribed for a while) I would love to win fan of the week it would be so cool I love yall!
The BEST PRANK from karissa..!!!!
I want to be fan of the week because I love you guys so much and you inspire me
I WANNA WINNNN THE THINGY OF THE WEEK! Ive liked all vids and Ive been subscribed for like ever haha
I actually started crying when he teared up. Omg that shows how much he loves her. Damn we all need a bf like him
Pls shoutout big fan
Fan of the week. Alaysia zingg. She loves you both
U r the best on YouTube and I might actually have an addiction to watching u guys I love u guys!!! 
@NateGarner Aye you are the best and amazing person. You mostly inspire me to make my own YouTube channel. #GarnerGang4Life.
Yall are so fucking cute.  omg I love your channel, keep bringing those Big W every day. I absolutely love you guys, I love how you guys adore each other its so cute.
Yooo this shit was soo funny  man i love you guys!
I freaking love you guys so much
I love you guys so much 
I wanna be fan of the week!!! LALO
Big Wwwwww!!!! yes Karissa!
I want to win 
My name is khaoula ait mhammed
now THIS was the best one yet! OMG
I love the two sides of this prank  
Nate : "omg in my fucking appartment" 
Karissa : ouch ouch ! *why do I do this * 
Also Nate : "you're really gonna do this to us ! " 
Karissa : n, no ? 
IM DEAD 
I want to win plz I support u guys and max soo much
Hey, I love you so much karissa and nate
Btw I want to win that "fan thing" 
I love you
I wanna win the fan of the week and subscribed,liked,and have post notifications on,smash a like on every video
stop faking the pranks
Nate get her back with a Im gay prank lol
Max is the best also my name on that wall Nate got ut I dare you!!!!
Why dont you do a laxative prank? Just a thought
Btw love u guys 
I know I that there is a .1 percent chance of u guys noticing me and making my heart explode from excitement which would cheer me up so much because lately my dog got surgery  but anyway I love u guys so much! U guys r what I watch when Im sad sometimes because of her wearing a cone it just makes me so sad all the time 
Damn he Almost broke the door  hhh  I just wanna talk  
The pranks are the best but poor Nate I felt for bad for him!!!
HAHAHAHA IM DYING 
PLEASEEEEE PICK MEEEEEE I HAVE BEEN HERE SENSE THE BEGING I AM BEGING U PLEASEEEEEEEE I LOVE YOU GUYS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
PICK MEEEEEEEEEEEEE FOR THE FAN OF THEEEEEE WEEKKKKK!!!!! LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!
Btw great prank karissa
I WANNA *WIN* THAT MOTHER FRIGGIN NAME OF THE WEEK!!!!!!!!! 
I took a big *W* today!  I didnt eat the whole bag of Cheetos, I saved like 10 
"I hate how much I love you, girl"  you guys are adorable
N...no
I WANNA WIIIIIIIIIIN!!!! 
YAAAY!!!!!!
I wanna win than fan of the week please
Yes FINALLY your pranked himmmm
6:00 lol that happens to me aswell i hate it
Lol was going to throw up
HAHAHAHAHA IM CRYING
I WANNA BE THAT FAN OF THE WEEEEEEEEEK 
LOL epic one as always hahaha!
i wanna be the fan of the week.
Karissa is fkn SAVAGE
I wanna WIN the fan of the week LOVE YOUU
Aw Nate I love u you were so cute 
My name is Jaedyn! I WANNA WIN THE NAME THINGY! PLEASE! Love you guys
Btw who wouldnt want to win what karissa made up, im in 
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK!
Id feel bad lol
I WANNA WIN!!!!! Love your vids btw!
Tbh I watch it for Karissa... Nates fun too
This is how you know karrissa and nate are gonna be together for a longgggggg time. In every damn video you just see the love they have for each other....kids this is proof you CAN find love  and nate that girl loves you to the moon and back...she wont ever cheat on you trust me...and vis versa
This is the best YouTube channel ever
hey guys im a huge fan of both of you!! :) i know you will probably not see this, but i would love for my name to be on there:) I watch all of your videos and you two are my biggest inspirations!! love you guys :)
Literally yalls BIGGEST FAN! I hope I get to be on the appreciation wall!  Love you guys!! Yall are the best!!
Max is so cute and you guys are the cutest couple out there. Keep killing it, I love you guys 
i love you guysssss i watch all of your videos:)
When nate grabbed the knife lol omg!
I wantttt toooo winnnn
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THR WEEK THING (probably not gonna see this but ah well )
I did it
I know u wont notice me but u guys r amazing and r the cutest couple on YouTube and I have literally seen all of ur vids on the channel! 
That was wild lmao aww he loves her sm
This was my fav video ever
Best prank ever you guys are amazing... its impossible to describe how much I love you and your videos... I laugh my guts out every single day I watch them ahah kisses from Portugal :)
Oh my god, that was so funny!
How come comments only show thumbs up but never thumbs down do people just not dislike comments? Well dislike this comment so I can see for myself, I'm just curious 
Omg that was the best one yet
i wanna will the fan of the week - that emoji scares me.
I love u guys so much! U r the best ever! I am ur #1 fan 
Fan of the week 
YAS KARISSA. I LOVE YOU BOTH
Fan of the week me yo I'm heree
Damn, Karissa went full in on this prank. Definitely the prank Queen 
ME PLEASE BLESSING
Wait did he have a knife 
I love your videos 
I love yall sm!! I wanna be the best fan
yooo i wanna win the fan of the week or whateva
Karissas my new favorite person she killed that!
I want too win it I love you guys so much
Ive been subscribed and liked every video watched every video since the beginning I would love to be the fan
I want to be the fan of the week pleseeee I see your videos since the time of the home vlogs 
who else is part of the dunclan? #teamkarrissa
Yall are the best fam
Such a queen, omg great job Karissa
I love you guys
I dont think there is no way that Nate can top this lol Karissa did a good one on this one
I WANT TO WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK
I was really hoping for the iPhone because Ive always wanted to win a give away but its ok because I still love you guys with all my heart  so please I WAMT TO HAVE MY NAME ON THE BOARD because you guys are my big thing so I hope I can at least be your little thing
I want to win that fan of the week!!!!!
15:39 to 16:00 god  GOALS !
I wanna be the fan of the week i love yall so much
well done my girl karissa
Done, plz plz pick me! Ily both
You guys are to much in a good way
Can I please get that iPhone yet
Congrats on that big W Karissa!! You regained you rightful crown
Done 
U guys r so amazing! U always make me laugh and cheer me up. I love u guys to the moon and back... wait no to the sun and back... I dont know space  love u guys so much 
I want to be on sign #garnergang
Omgggg , i have NO WORDS rn , Nate's reaction is priceless.  God i envy you guys ! #Narissaforever
I wanna win!!!!!
Done!
I cant turn on post notifications because my phone wont let me. But I love your channel and would really like a dm
Done 
amos @justyce.henning
You guys are so awesome!!!
FAN OF THE WEEK 
I LOVE YOU!!!
U r my favorite youtubers in the world!  I love u guys soooooo much!!!!!! I dont even think I will get on the wall but thats not even the point of this comment it is just to share my love 
I WANT MY NAME ON THE LITTLE THINGS BOARD PLEEEAASSSEEEE!! I LOVE YOU GUYSSSSSS
Karissa great comeback g 
I WANT TO WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!
I want to win please
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WITH THE DUNCLAN 
I love when nate get so mad
I want to win
please show  my name because I 
just turned a  21
I love u so much! U always make my day and Im not joking I have been with u since 50k!!! And would love to meet u guys some day!  I doubt I will get on the wall but I JUST LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH 
i wanna win the fan of the week
When i saw the knife....i was like...oh shit he crazy FOR HER THATS THE SCARIEST BUT CUTEST THING EVER
Nate should do a, "I cut myself prank" or a suicidal prank
I turned  it
Notifications are on subscribed and i wanna be the fan of the week love you guys
Anybody else think Karissa high key resembles Cassie from bachelor or am i cray
love the grass walls  ,and great prank
Nate with the knife is killin me
I want to be apweciated love u guys and all ur vids
I love you guys both so much but the pranks are going way to far
I felt so bad for Nate
I will forever love Karissas laughits everything
#epic #teamdunclan #bigw you got that I e I'm team dunclan all day
But ama take the W and that other thing
 you got him very good baby
Me plz love you guys watch you every day 
Ahh love you guys she got you good haha but you know that happend to me, my girlfriend cheated on me After a 6 Month Relationship 
AHHH ANOTHER PRAK YIPPEE !!!!! PRANK QUEEN I LOVE YOU 
I have that jesus book, is it any good? I havent read it yet, its more for decor...
Well i didnt win the iphone
Kate or narissa? Ive liked all your vids and I would love to be the fan of the week. If that happened I would prob die
i feel so sorry for nate omg :(
i love u guys but this prank was def planned. u guys do so many pranks and we all love them but theres no way u guys just dont suspect them at all. all it looked like nate saw the camera at 9:22 but u covered it w fire so we wouldnt see....
Who else feels bad for Nate whose crying ur cryimg
I have never seen Nate this close to crying for a prank before omg 
Maddieleigh 20XX oh yes the break up video i for got about that let me correct me choice of words
Hes cried a couple times during videos, but bc his heart is big
sharlize ali did you watch the break up video?
He's cried before tho like tons of tears
Love you guysss, being appreciated feels 
i wanna be the fan of the week
I want to win that fan of the week so bad cause we take that bigass W i watch every video and cant wait for the one after hope you guys are gonna choose me
Nate with a knife in his hand :"open up i just wanna talk" XD
Maybe a little to much!!
I felt so sorry for Nate but in the same time I just laughed so hard
Much love for you guys  !!!
yeesh
This is by far the best mf video ever omg 
I wanne win the fan of the week ! 
*Nate holding a knife* 
I just wanna f*cking talk, open up
Love you guys so much
YAS #dunclan baby! Man Nate was actually thinking about ending the prank war. Thats how good karissa was 
I literally flicked the like button and it worked
OML THAT WAS SOO FUNNY  Love you guys like always
I want to win
I wanna win that fan of the week thang!! 
I want to be the fan of the week ur guys are so freaking cute together
Ow my gosh! Damn girl. Hahaha yup. She deserves the crown!! Haha I love how you prank each other. It's really funny. I love this couple! Coz this is the most awesome fam in YT ! Yey! Always get that big "W"!
FAN OF THE WEEK!!! , like this comment. I watch every single video
Nnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooo mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeee
@Kronos Rogers noo mee!!!
No me
I really wanna win fan of the week
I wanna win because right now I am going through some hard times and right now it always feels good it know you are appreciated
You guys are so cute together!   You're literal goals. lol  I hope I can be as happy with my future someone like you guys. 
I really wanna win the fan of the week it would mean so much if I did love you guys
I wanna win fan of the week, I think its such a cool idea love your videos and pranks so much and love you guys xx
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE your videos!!!!!!!!!!! I would LOVE to get fan of the week!!!!! Like if would want to get fan of the week toooooooooooo
well that was the most intense one so far xD
I wanna win that big w
From Nates tone in voice and then his reaction to Brittney was priceless. Omg I have never seen a better reaction to a prank than this. Cant wait to see what prank Nate gets Karissa back with next.  
P.S can I be fan of the week it will mean the world to me.  
You guys are sooo Awesome!!!! 
I would LOVE to WiN toooo!!!!!
P.S: Nicce one Karissa :3
Can I have a boyfriend like Nate?!?!
Let me take a big W and be your first fan of the week  xx
Why does the video keep flipping? Like sometimes everything is backwards... Watch karissa's nose ring to really notice it
I wanna be on the wall , BIG W
Even if ur not on the grass wall u still know u took that big W bc were the best,garner gang is the best
I wanna win the fan of the week I love u guys I click ur videos so fast that its still loading  -Chloe 
Karrissa honestly did so good you are the prank queen   
When Nate got the knife, I got scared 
Bigg WWWWWss 
That was a good prank
I wang to be on the grass wall everything is done can I be on the wall please
Why does karrissa call him a bitch? Lately every vedio shes calling him that.He needs to play hard to get with her.she runs all over him. Hes a really sensitive person and gets hurt very easy.
Cutest Couple Out there!!
Well well how about you bow down to your queen b***
That was the best...plus its so cute how Nate cried
anybody else crying for Nate cause you felt for him 
ooooohhhhhhh shitttt karissa got payback.
I wanna WINNNNNNNN
The both of you are really so cute together  I will never stop idolizing this couple because you make everyone smile and happy. Always take the big W labyaaa 
It's my BIRTHDAY thanks for the video 
Are you going still???! XD
I did it and I love u guys so much
I waaaaant to be the fans of the week heyyyy nate did you see me i am here i am a biiiiig W
Yaaaaaaassssssss Karissa!!!!
I have been waiting for you to get him this good for a long time
That was hilarious!!
My favorite YouTube couple
i wanna win that fan of the week (lmao wtf i hate myself) love you.
My name is Ariel walker so I want to win the fan of the week
i wanna be the fan of the week!! i support you guys sm and i think you guys are so cute ily  name: Amra
He grabbed a knife I'm dieing
I wanna win the fan of the week imma take a big W
4:30 did I hear a girl say"what now"
Right after nate said Britney
When Nate started tearing up or crying whatever. I started crying. But i guess because i was DYING of laughter. Dont worry I felt bad
Seeing them cry and it's just a prank, it's sad because it feels like I'm gonna cry
15:13 lol max is like gimme summa dat
Please don't take it to hard on each other. ...
I want to be fan of the week
Im sorry nate but im all #teamkarissa now for prank wars step it up nate  #prankwars 
Karissa is a mother fucking queen  periodt love y'all 3000 
I WANT TO WIN FAN OF THE WEEK.  I love you guys so much, you guys have gotten me through some tough times. I WANT TO TAKE THAT BIG W!! btw - I liked a shit ton of videos 
*nate with a knife in his hand* open up i just want to fucking talk 
said every crazy person ever 
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEEKKKKK!!!! 
I was soo closseee to winning the iPhone!!!!!
I am apart of the Garner Gang. Like if you are apart of the Garner Gang.
Girl you got him so bad I fell so bad for Nate
Done done done done done !!
I want to when the fan of the week and keep up the the good work no homo
Ydjfmvngfhdcg I just wanted to do something I'm bored
And the best part is that ama take that W and win the iphone
ONCE AGAIN YOUTUBE DIDNT GIVE ME THE POST NOTIFICATION 
Best prank by them so far ahah
I wanna win that fan of the week I have subscribed and turned my post notifications on love yall ur the best 
Big support from France  I love you both 
Karissa is gorgeous yes sir.
ofc i didnt win but oh well... love you guys
Bro you guys are the best
I definitely want that merch and the fan of the week every day you take wins your almost to 1M subscribers so CONGRATS ILY GUYS SOOOO MUCH 
This prank was amazing! #TEAMKARISSA
your videos make me so happy to see you guys so happy!! i would love to be to fan of the week!
Jajaja lmao
Done Ive been with yall forever and I rly want to win cause I cant afford a new phone ilysm. gArNEr gANg
Best prank omg
Max always agrees  love you guys!
Omi love this channel you guys are so cutewanna win the fan of the week thingbeen on this channel for about 4 months x
Nate,Plz reply. You are the best
He legit took a knife
I want to when please I love you guys so very very much
I wanna win it Ive been subscribed forever and watch EVERY VIDEO ilysmm pls me
Im dying laughing 
Lol love it lol 
Y'all are the best
I  wanna be the fan off the week
Love you  a big hug from Costa Rica   
I was at the fair and took a big W like Karrisa did
I have to watch this at 6 in the morning because nate time with me is different 
Fan of the week ? 
Yo i wanna be a big W week fan. Like umm im your best fan. Lol
i wanna be the fan of the week!!!!!!
I love yall so so much!!
this is by far the best prank ever!!!! Karissa deserves that prank crown 
Nate you are a king . Karissa
you are a quen . 
This was the best prank Omgg Max the whole time hahaha and then her facial expression likes wtf am i doing Im so dead
I feel bad but Im fckin hysterical rn
i wanna be the fan of the week
Could I pls be the fan of the week bc nothing big really happens to me so if I could be fan of the week it would mean so much
When he pulled out the knife tho 
My question is why was he holding a knife
This was such a good prank!
Lmao that was intense af
i want to be the fan of the week my birth day is coming up in like weeks so that will make my day
Yall  should  do no kisses  for 24 hours.
Karissa has the prank crown 
Nate's next prank should be cheating on Karissa with her sister.
Nate: 4:42 - 4:45 
 I want to win the fan of the week THING ....ILY guys so much you guys make my day <3
\/   thumbs up u do?
Damn that was a great prank 
Awesome video: I subscribed;D
QUEEEEENNNNNNNN
How bout you bow down to your prank queen, BITCH! I love Karissa
Im subscribed and like all ur videos 
This is probably the funniest thing EVER. Sorry but I think that nate is going to get you back so good and her id going to be the prank king
FAN OF THE WEEK #garnergang
Never stop making vids u always make my day lysm u always cheer me up when no one else does
Big fan!!!!!!!!
I wanna be the fan of the weak or ill jahxfyejxn hruis
I wanna win the fan of the week
#garner gang #dunclan
Hello I'm from Indonesian but I'm always watching your have video very funny, romantic and sweet pranks and pranks  I love you so much 
I want to be fan of the week 
i want to be the fan if the week because i've been on this channel since day one and i want to take that BIG W aye 
He loves you so much karissa
I want to be fan of the week
This was LEGENDARY oml 
i wanna be fan of the week
I wont to win because this is the only thing i can Win because i am not alowd to be sent aneything in the mail
When he got the knife
Yall are sooo amazing 
I wish they would just get to the pranks.geez
I have never laughed so hardI got a headache now
THIS WAS SO GOOD OMG
9:30 this thing got serious 
Fan not can
Omg I really wanna when I watch literally every video and I like
Who ever is reading this... I hope you have the absolute best day of your life..
I have a cool name I guess so just put my name for comedic effect when you guys aren't able to pronounce it
I want to be the can of the week please
Wait a second he has a knife
Love you twoo  you always have the best vlogs 
Taking big Ws !
literally the best prank of all time. Nate... good luck trying to get her back 
i wanna be the appreciation fan 
I wanna be in the grass wall
Karissa u r a GOD!!!! 
i literally love ur editing its hilarious 
Well well how bout you bow down to your prank queen bitch my FAV line haha and when he was tearing up awwhhh 
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE DAY  I love you 
Stop the pranks , it will simply ruin the relationship.
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK #GARNERGANG
yo best prank by far made me laugh a lot.!
Can I please ohhhhhh pleaseeeeee be the Fan of the week if I dont get picked its cause your dumb 
Jkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkjjkkkkkkkkk jk jk jk jk
Lol Nate's a murderer with a knife
Fan of the weekkkkkkkkkkkkkk Aaliyah
Omgggggggggg,
I wanna win the new contest!!! I love you guys and your videos are so entertaining!!!!
I want to win fan of the week.
I wonder if Nate told her about the knife
Love that nate was ready with a knife to kill who ever the fuck was in there with Karissa she took that prank crown thoooo 
Nobody:
Nate and karissa when they kiss: mmmmMmMmmMm 
Its okay tho cuz its cute  love u guys 
Nate and Karissa are so goals
I want to be the fan of the week please 
My heart is in my balls...
                                         .. Nate
Love you both and Id love to be on your wall :) 
My man had a fucking knife geez what if karissa opened the door when Nate has the kife?
NATE WAS HOLDING A FRICKEN KNIFE OMG
I really want to WINN WWWWW.    my name on the grass wall plzz can I get on and sub to my youtube
I really wanna win fan of the week I have been following u guys forever 
I THOUGHT THEY BROKE UP 3 MONTHS AGO WOW THIS IS CONFUSING
I wanna win the fan of the weeek!!!
im just confused how none of them have realized its all pranks 
Done!
I wanna win that fan of the week, pls I never win anything
Yeah my day has been boring as hell and your video just made everything fun again
I love you guys soso much
IM OFFICAILLY GONEE
I did
Love watching from over in England. X
I wanna be the fan of the week.
"STOP IT!"
*bangs jesus is calling book*
The best prank ever, sorry nate you need to step up your game haha and lol sorry again because..... #DUNCLAN
Wow you can really see how much Nate loves Karissa. I hope to have a relationship like this. 
am i the only one who feel sad for max guys stop pranking and let max have fun with u guys + no hate i love u but i feel sadd :((
He went to the gym and he can't push the door when Karissa opened it
The pain in his eyes I felt that 
OH GOD NATE GOTTA KNIFE!!!...RUN!!
dun dun DUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNN~!!!!!!!!!!!?
they've done soooo many cheating pranks how can they not tell it's a prank? XD
This U.S. the best f***ing prank ever damn tho     
PS:the best damn fam on utube
Congrats Nicholas!! Great prank Karissa 
I wanna win the fan of the week the best couple ever Marissa got him again #big Ws
Going to take that big W for the next giveaway
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK THING
I was dying at Karissas sex noises haha haha that tickles ouchhh hahahaha
You guys are honestly the only people I watch on YouTube  love your videos
Lmaoooo Karissa that was gooodddd
Haha yall are my favorite 
THIS IS FOR REAL THE BEST FAMILY IN YOUTUBE:)))
It is obvious that you can't lock the door. Too bad that they now make fake pranks ..
Luis Leuenberger he was pushing I think you can. And he was crying so I think it was real
Is it bad that I know exactly what video shes playing ! 
I love yall 
I subscribe to you guys n I also like 
to all of you guys YouTube videos love you guys 
Done 
I feel like all these pranks are starting to be skits or is it just me? Like isnt it obv when you do pranks almost daily they should get used to knowing its a prank ?
Love you want to win giveaway
12:11 Karissa just appeared with the *crown on LOL that was hilarious!! Also Max was getting hella hype when Nate busted in the room looking for ...BRITTANY ahahahahaha!!
I love you guys 
OMFL lmao u got him good
dude I cried!! omg!!
I wanna win!
*I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK!!!*
Fan of the week, big wins baby! GARNER GANG
Omg best prank nate even got a knife you can see he really really loves karissa #lygsm
Nate covering his hears breaks my heart
I had a feeling it would be a prank after the camera set up thing she posted on her Instagram story yesterday. This is getting wild lololol but still so entertaining
Why didnt she get to say her name in the intro.. 
@nategarner I want to be on the fan board!!!!!
I want to be on the board
Omg that was the best payback #danclan
That was EPIC well done GIIIIIRL I dont know about the others but I am freaking proud of you!!! I am sorry Nate but that was the best prank on your YouTube channel!!!
I WANT TO TAKE BIG WS!!! I WANT TO BE ON THE GRASS WALL!! Pleasssssseee 
Yoooo Its crazy to see Nate so mad wowowow. I LOVE YALLLLLLL YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
ALL of your guys pranks are clear faked. Its really annoying be authentic and original I love you guys but its getting annoying.
I hve my will to live now  i love u guys!!
How do you guys not know that you guys are pranking eachother if u guys prank eachother like every day
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEK
Please
im really enjoying the newer vlogs, i feel like you guys are acting more genuinely and it makes me love you guys even more
This was a funny prank 
I WANT TO WIN THAT CAN OF THE WEEK. MY SISTER LOVES YOU GUYS. Her name is Siobhan but she likes the name  Shivyhorn
Are we not gonna talk about  how he had a knife
He was ready to kill
Ready to kill huh
I know like wtf 
Greatest couple on YouTube
Prank starts 5:30
I love you guys so much      heart
I wanna be apart of it cuz I wanna take big wins with my family  and that is you guys
@A BIG ASS W FROM EGYPT 
lol I can't wait for the revenge prank oh noooo lol
@wwe_uschampion_ricochet
I have been watching you guys since I subscribe to you guys I love you guys and I support you
I was waiting sooo long all day to see if maybe I could win but I love you guys and congrats the winner I hope you love seeing youre idol of mine but yeah I still love you guys soo much I was just disappointed pointed Ik I sound like one of those spoiled annoying
9:28 Nate: "I just wanna talk!"
Also Nate: *has knife*
Kitty Coleman 
Lmfao
Kitty Coleman LMAO I CANT BROOO
Omg while shes in there hes just throwing clothes at the door
Omg love ye guys  would love to have my name on the new grass wall!! Been following u for a while now! Ye always make my day  ly guys so so much 
I WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK! 
I'm subscribe and I liked the videos.
I love u guys ur the best
Omg!! I love your Channel!!!! I really want to be the fan of the week!!!!
I love you guys
I like, I subscribed, I want to win lol
I LOVE THEM SMMMMM CUZ THEY'RE HONESTLY GOALS
For a second i was thinking that nate was leaving for good , i was soo sadd ahh , but he came back for an explanation and i love yalls bond soo much but yes this prank was by far the biggest one , i literary thought it was gonna cause some damage to y'alls relationship , but hopefully it doesnt :,( , i loveee yalll !
Yessss this was awesome!!! 
I love you guys!! you're the best and I've been subscribed for awhile! I wanna be a fan of the week!!!!!
I wanna win iiiit yaaaay wohoooooooooo
I see this video 00.36am
like or the little fishy will drown
Fan of da week ...
Karissa good job iam soryy nate
i wanna win fan of the week and i love you guys so much
I've been watching you from the beginning and I never win anything so I would really appreciate being the fan of the week my name is violet I love you guys so much 
OH SHITTTT
memmejiahfi
Yea karrisa u go queen ps not hate to hate Ily too
OMG I WAS THE FIRTS TO VEIW AND LIKEEEEE
i wanna winnnn
Best prank ever !!!! 
OMG this was the best prank I ever seen in my life  Love you guys Keep taking the big Ws
I wanna win fan of the week!!! I love you guys. 
Dear Nate. I would appreciate being nominated for fan of the week. I watch your videos everyday. I love them take that big W everyone
I want to win the fan of the week but I don't want to be greedy to the other people and I probably won't even win anyways love u guys all are the best
I WANNA BE THE FAN OF THE WEEK!!!
DONE!!!
Love U
I want to win that fan of the week thing
I wanna win!!!!!
i wanna be fan of the week!!!!!!! i love u guys 
Done I liked all the videos I was here before 11k I swear Im not lying please I would like to see a name up there I love. You both
The knife scared me
Hahahahahahhahaha wtf  dead
Love you guys!
Hiiiii
I won't to win love you guys
Omg this was a very big one omg u deserve the crown kirassa but that was so hard for nate look at his eyes omg, I love u so much guys the best family on YouTube the garner gang 
would love to win the fan of the week because you guys are amazing and i apppppreciate you guys soo much. You help me through the rough times in my life and highlight my day. You guys are amazing and even though ill probably never get on that wall, you guys are so inspiring and know that i appreciate you  x
Totally love you guys 
can i plz be the fan of the week i love all of your videos #garnergang
Karissssaaaaaa  I'm so efffiiin dead lmao she's the queen of PRANKS I GIVE HER PROPS
This was literary the best prank you did karissa Nate reaction was so priceless but I was kinda sad for him because he really believed it was over
I wanna be the fan of the week pls
Hehehehhehe I wanna win Im emily hehehehhehehe
Yolo you only live once
You literally already know I like all your videos and I got my sister to subscribe and I have post notifications on so I REALLY WANT TO BE THE FAN OF THE DAY PLZ ps ily guys so fricken much
I would love to win fan of the week , love you guys so much always making me smile !! Best couple on YouTube #takingbigWs 
Love yall the best Youtubers
That was good GIVE HER THE CROWN!!
I love Karissa pranks
I love your videos  so much. I love u so much 
Karissa you have the best pranks!! This was sooo funny but also cute 
Hope i win i have subscribe and like every videos love you
I want to win that fan of the week THING!!!!!!!
TEAM DUNCLANN
Nice  like for real
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GUYSSSSS
Garner gangggg 
Heh I'm early, an KARISSA IS WINNING THE PRANK WARSSSSS!!!!!!!!! #Narissa 
So so good
I wanna win the fan of the week thannnngggggg
I was really nervous for karissa i think this is my fav prank. But i love this family on youtube  love nate and karissa
Karissa you won
My heart is in my balls right now!  awe
Cuzzzz u dumb getting that merch
sorry nate but you were right, we love Clarissa's pranks a little bit more than yours 
but love you both tho!!
Done from poop in pool prank
Only people who love them will like this
Supporting the Garner Gang
I lave ya pranks gurll!
I wAnNa WiN tHe fAn Of ThE wEeK tHiNg
I want to be the winner on the board
They have gotten pranked so much I'm concerned bc if someone cheats then the other persons gonna think it's a prank
AeroFiles well no one is actually gonna cheat. Tf
AeroFiles thats the prank
Who else thinks they are the funniest and realistic prank channel on YouTube? Where are the OGs at?
Natalia ZunigaRamos that is a fact
I want to be fan of the week I love you guys you make my day whenever I'm depressed (that's all the time lol)
Love you so much guysssss I'm from Egypt love you so so so much wish you all the best
Karissa: Am coming home 
Nate:TO FUCK YOU UP
You should do a ha I tutorial
I want to be fan of the week I love you guys you make my day whenever I'm depressed (that's all the time lol)
This was a epic video i enjoy it
great comeback karissa  oh my gosh but poor nate you could hear his heart break omg  garner gang for life!!
also i love the new grass wall fan idea :)
My god Nate's so cute he was actually thinking he and Karissa are done and his genuine reaction was heartwarming
Whyyy did I not lower the volume when she said porn it was so awkward sitting in the living room with the volume all the way up 
I love yall and karissa why r u soo pretty 
WOWOWOWOWOWOWO!! OMG the best prank ever on this channel Karissa you are deserved prank wars queen
Ive been waiting for Karissa to do this prank
This is the best video youve uploaded yet I LOVED this 
Karissa just won the prank crown  totally like no doubt about it
Nate being mad: my heart is literally in by balls
Always take that big ass W 
I would love to be on the wall, but put my name as caprice, this is someone elses account :)
That knife though...
(9:30)
this was 100% the best prank on the channel so far
Max is such a good guard dog lmao
i want to win the fan of the week yayyy congrats to the iphone winner you deserved it yayyyyayyyy
I just wanna talk **with a knife on his hand**
I want to win the fan of the week!
This was a great vid. It was sad for nate but its a prank
Half early gang :)
I really wanna win fan of the week I've watched all of 200+ Vlogs I've liked them all love you both sm keep taking those big Ws everyday 
I've been having a shitty day and I've honestly been looking forward to ur video cos ik it'll be a good one. Thanks for being you xx
I JUST wANT To FucKing TaLk 
*while holding a knife*
#TeamKarissa 
I SCREAMED WHEN HE PICKED UP THE KNIFE HAHAHHA
Dopest prank on this channel, that was fuckin so awesome
Close ur eyes
awww when he was crying
BEST ONE YET OMFG 
I wat to win    every day at   W Love you gais
I wanna win the fan of week . #garnergang
Who else loved when he just randomly grabbed a knife
U is great
THE KNIFE!!! AHAHAHHAH!
I wanna win a fan of the week
Its 6:27 pm not the morning for me rn
You guys are so cute I want a relationship like that 
Omgggg i cried hahaha 
You love each other soooo much  Im a huge fan of your relationship 
I hope I find that someday in my life
You guys are awesome
This is how many people love Karissas pranks 
I want to win and be on the board plz love yal
I need snacks I love this videos
OMG I want to win the fan of the week ahhhhhhh
I wanna be on the GRASS WALL!!!
this has to be the prank of the century
Karissa was just HILARIOUS 
When she puts on the  "well well well! Bow bitch!!!" 
Omg I would soo love and appreciate to have my name on that board
I think Nate would be happy to know Australia had a store called big W
Best prank ever
I really want to be the fan of the week.This would mean so much more to me than an IPhone X.Great Prank Karissa!I was literally crying with Nate#Narissaforever #Garnergang #Dunclan You are a real Queen  Take BIG W I love ya 
 Fan of the week? This is my favorite video othe than the period prank! Team Karissa!!!
Karissa you make me laugh harder than Nate !! This prank was EPIC you deff deserve that croWn :)
I take little wins every day but I take big wins when I take a BIG W when I see A new video from this channellove you guys
I never win anything:( its ok I love you guys
Team #Dunclan!
Bruh this was one of the best prankstake them Wsss
Nate: I just wanna talk
Also Nate: *has a knife in his hands*
I wanna be the fan of the week !!! I love you guys, your videos make my day happier. I hope that one day i will meet you 
Omg lol. Just slamming a book shut
So sad good think this a prank love you guys
Awwwww you got him good karissa
I love you guys yall are just so amazing!
PRANK QUEEN 
poor Nate
is no one talking that he has a knife
That Thanos clip in the end XD 
I wanna when the name thing  btw love you guys
I liked all of your vids 
Your allready know that am in
#The_biiiigggg_W_movement
u guys r the best!! i love yall so damn much, keep making those big ws! 
Never heard nate curse so much too funny..x x 
I want win the fan of the week! Thank you.
I want to win!!!!!!!! 
Is no one going to mention the knife? THE KNIFE!! He was ready to end that dude-
I wanna win
They should do a coughing blood prank
Yall need to do the pregnant prank on your parents and friends
It's not about us not watching porn it's are you going to watch porn and isn't that cheating?
Fan of the week? I love that Idea imagine that even if its not me it be nice to see someone else with my name up there
i wanna wIn that  fAn of the weekBIG DUBS BIG WINS EVERY DAYYY (ps AWESOME VIDEOlove you guys)
I like Karrissa's pranks because she all ways takes it up so far. Sad I didn't win but congrats to who did.
That was so funny! I cant believe Nate fell for it!
I APPRECIATE KARISSA'S AND NATE'S AMAZING AND FUNNY RELATIONSHIP... 
Dannnnnnnng prank Queen is back
This was the funniest prank ever 
I wanna be on the wall
Karissa : *sings* Im coming home
Nate : TO FUCK YOU UP
Me : why is Nate me
I wanna win this because I've been here for like forever but they just won't be able to spell or pronounce my NAME RIGHT
your profile pic is selena awww
I WANNA WIN! ;)
We take big wins for you Nate and Karissa
karissa took it too far
I know it was a prank but Nate i felt your Anger and Pain
AVSDGDGDHDFFF LMFAOO
I WANT TO BE THE MOTHER FUCKING WINNER
Love you guys so much!!!
Well well well well
Im having a big test today, hoping to get that big W.
I love your videos!!! You guys are so funny   and I love watching the prank wars!!! 
You guys are amazing love you guys
Best prank evererrrrrrrr i meant itgreat! 100% sure Karissa is the Prank Queen
SO HER BIGGEST FEAR IS NOT HE CHEATING ON HER...
BUT EARTHQUAKES
Fan of the week
I loooove you guys
I want that fan of the week thing
I wanna win the fan of the week
I wanna win the fan of the week
I wanna win the fan of the week
For onceeee he broke something besides his sunglasseshooray for Nate's
Yet Big W's for Karissa
I wanna win the fan of the week
I take big wins
fake af
Omg!! Congrats Clarissaaaaaaaa!!   although it was fucked up lol 
now I wonder whats Nate prank for you 
I hate that I love you awww  yall cute
I knew Clarissa was going to do this one day since Nate has done it. But damn she went all in  hell naw if I seen that text I would of ran to him instead of waiting like she did 
I wished I win that iPhone but Nicholas congrats I hope that my name will be on the grass wall love you Nate and Karissa and I hope u all take that big W everyday
I wanna win that fan of the week thing  my name is Kayla!!
GARNER GANGGGGG
Nate: " are you seriously still going" 
Go Karissa
Nothing like a women scorned to stage the ultimate comeback and literally crush Nate into tiny pieces. The earthquake prank was genius but this is next level shit.
i wanna win something 
watch 2020 be like cheating prank on my fianc ! *he cries*
That sounds more better "FIANCE"
hopefully *husband
Aaaww
You guys put light in my life and I am apart of the gang
Haha!  I wanna win that fan of the week!!! 
I wanna be the fan of the week Ive been watching you guys for 4 months and it was the best decision 
I wanna be fan of the week cause max said so
DDAAAAAAAAMMMM KAAARRIISSAAA 
Karissa took that W today
Omg i feel so so bad for #Nate he got really mad, knife in hand#NateKarissa
I like to win the fan week
Me my nigga
I WANT TO WIN FAN OF THE WEEK!!!! <3
Omg guys i love watching YouTube because of u guys love u so much and i hope i win because i need to change my old Samsung 
Love u 
#teamkarissa
I think it is getting fake
Better change the channel name to Karissa Duncan and make us the Dunclan now
Iloveyour video so much
GARNERGANGGGG
I love you guys and I want to be on your grass wall
I wanna win
That was awesome can't wait to see what an 8 does the pranky back you guys are the best
#nate&Karissaare the best people ever
Fan of the week me? 
Greatest prank ever
Why did this make me cry though?
So I love u
#garnergang #dunclan love you guys and your content /channel
I want to be on the board plz 
Karissa really took this to far  but I still love them
I cringed a little at 15:40 haha but still lyyyy
I waaanaaa win the fan of the week Ive subscribe end everything all ready
I love you guys so much I hope u notice me
I was lost on Youtube and then a notification came up. It was yours, I am sooo happy. I love you guys
Nate deserved that prank for the pranks he did to her
I love how much he cares for her! Ahh its so cute. The fact he he got a knife had me dead though! 
stop seeing Nate almost cry made my heart break you truly have so much love for her I hope one day I find someone like you Nate I adore the both of you and will support you guys forever you guys always make my day and put a smile on my face with all your pranks!!! I would love to be on that wall of appreciating the little things!!!
I love you guys and karissa that was an amazing idea because it everyone fill includes if the dont win ao thanks for the opportunity for people to get on the fan grass walll
I love yall garner gang
Loveyou both
here for 8:00
ILY  guys 
I get so overly happy when the notification comes through . Every single day, I check my phone constantly to see if the notification came through. I love you guys so much and this channel makes my day . It feels like I personally know Nate and Karissa.
Yesss karissa!! You go girl getting that prank crown 
Done!!!!
Prank queen
Wait do we have to like every single video that they ever made
Pick me pick me pick me please
Chloe Vaughn i would love to be the fan of the week
Love you guys
Dang karissa you got Nate good! This is your crown today lol but I love how yall always make up and give each other a Kiss thats how you know it is real when you can mess around and forgive. Not going to lie tho felt a little bad but like you have to take those big W Every day. Cant wait until tomorrow video. I love you guys! 
I would love to be on your board!!
DUNCLAN REPRESENT!!!!!! 
he was so sad&mad  i mean , he really love her , you can see this in his eyes
I wanna be the fan of week please , and when I watch your videos Im always dying of laughter
This was EPIC prank. I feel bad for Nate.
I have been subscribed since Nates old days! You have helped me so much mentally! I love you and Karissa so much. I hope I can take a big w and be the fan of the month.
I hope I win
omg that was hard. i feel bad for nate!
#fanoftheweek
I never win anything nd no one notice me i hope i win the next one nd i hope you guys notice me
Jokes on Nate bc she actually touched Brittney during the whole prank. Jk Nate, get that shit and get her back
When Nate took the knife i thought he was gonna kill himself 
you really deserves the crown 
Nobody:
Nate with a knife: I just wanna talk open up
Me: and I oop- 
This is BY FAR the best prank Ive ever watched . I laughed so hard I cried 
I was literally laying doing in depression mode and let me tell you garner gang i got this motivation and my depression disappeared
Best prank ever!!!!
I love u guys so much 
Karissa this prank was mean as hell lol but loved it anyway 
I was heartbroken for Nate even though I knew it was a prank lol
The well well well took mi tf OUT
Yeeeh karissa is the winner now 
I'm freaking love her pranks 
I vant to win thet name thing
You guys always brighten my day even when I am sad:))
Liked and sub
If you did like
Post notification squaddddd wyaaa 
Im so anxious when theyre on the roof coz Im scared of heights and it keeps looking like theyre at the edge and going to fall off x
The pranks wars are always on
When are yall going to get married
Are you seriously going still?  Im dead
having a fan of the week sounds like the most appreciative thing everrr ;) love itttttt (the names Paige ;P)
The book was amazing 
Garner Gang 4 life babes
Awwwe when Nate cried:(
It made me feel so bad, but Karissa, you killed it!
Karissa Singh nice!:)))
My name is karissa too :)
i want to take a big win today as a change :/
15:13 Haha max is like guys what about me
I want an iPhone XR
I want to win fan of the week
Poor boy, broke his headphones for nothing 
They made the thabnail after they... You know
#PickMeForFanOfTheWeek
LOVE YOU GUYS. I DONT WANNA WIN IM GONNA WIN THE LAW OF ATTRACTION IS REAL. Shout my insta out on the magical grass wall  @jrtheroller
Freaking Loved It. Greatest One Yet . Good Luck On Getting The Crown Back Nate , lol
I BETTER FREAKING GET ON THE BOARD!!!
Ratkus is my last name I really need to add it on my public comments
Best prank ever 
Done   epic one  big W #garnergang
DONE I WANT TO BE ON THE GRASSssDsDDs
Great job Karissa finally got him back for all those times he made you cry !!! Keep taking them big Ws 
Meeeeee please choose me 
LMAO MY MOM HEARD SHE SOUND AND SHE THOUGHT I WAS WATCHING PORN HAHAHAHAH 
I would be so happy when they get married
When he grabbed the knife i went 
I want to win the fan of the week!!!
BEST PRANK EVERRR!!!! Nate got some competition 
i want my name
Poor Nate He was so cute when he realised it was a prank. But also when he was mad he was fiiire
Don't let the pranks get too intense, it will affect your relationship 
Lmao o wanna be on the wall!!
Ive been here since 20k I love you guys so much I watch every video and like it too and I wanna win fan of the week pls
I love ur vids so much  this did actually make my day!!!!
I want to be the fan of the week I love u guys so much u have no idea my name is Alejandra
When Nate tried to get inwhen Karissa opens the door Karissa closed it Nate weak sorry date I love u  still
Nice prank Karissa looks beautiful like always I love you guys a lotttttttt I am an official member of the Garnergang from years ago I subscribed and turned on the post notifications and also followed all of your Instagram accounts also liked your videos and pics  I hope I win any apple product it would be a dream come true  I hope I can get the shout out for the weekILYSM #takebigW . ILY Notifications are always ON 
Scripted or not thats the best prank Ive seen on YouTube.
The love he has for het is so amazing 
Lmfaoooooooooooo
14:58 RELATABLE AF
fan of the week!? i like the sound of thst
I would love to be the fan of the week please 
Was going to bed and then i saw this 
Edit: He literally had knife omg
By far the best prank i feel bad for nate but like he didnt see it coming. Keep the prank wars coming baby
I love your videos and It would mean the world to me if you make me the fan of the week! You make me guys so happy and make me laugh every day keep it up!!  Love you guys!
omg yassssss
Such a good video!!!
I only recently subscribed to your channel and I'm so far living it 
I really wanna be the fan of the dayyyyyyy 
Love y'all
11:34 literally me all the time
I want to be the fan of the week
Hi ganrner gang 
You guys are amazing!!!  Love every video
I want to win that fan of the week thing?!?!
Almost cried when Nate had the puffy eyes 
Ive been here since 20k
Oh that prank was epic great job karissa.
U got him good for the U are too ugly for me Prank he did to u
i wanna be fan of the week i've been here since the beginning I LOVE YOU GUYS - DANIELA L
youre so underrated!
I was watching porn!
AT 10:29 SHE JUST SIMPLY OPENS THE DOOR
it's karissas' time to prank 
YOU GO GIRL 
Honestly Karissa deserves that crown - so well deserved and so well thoughtout
DONT DO FAKE PRANKS ANYMORE
Nate is so wired
You guys should or ready know its a prank.. But still love you guys dont break up
This video is already gonna be epic!! Love when karissa gets nate back
Omg this was the greatest prank ever!!!! There was never a moment I wasn't laughing
Oh my... Karisa... The true prank queen  that was so good
you guys are awesome
Plz it would make my week if I was the fan of the week 
Keep doing amazing video 
Omg i wanna see my name on that, Big W's i hope that my name will on that love ya guys, #Karissa took that Big W's, cool prank #Karissa 
LMAOHE GOT A FUCKIGN KNIFE
I want to win the fan week
I been subscribed since 39k
                              -Maryliz
Love you guys so much
I love them so much. Couple goals. Karrisa you did a amazing job prankish him love you. Post EVERY DAY plz.
I want to win subscriber of the week x
Max should have his own Channel
I've only been apart of the garner gang for about 4 months but I really want to be the fan of the week.  This would be a big win for me.
Oh my goood the best prank in the world 
OMG!!!!!LY WITH ALL OF MY
CHOOSE ME PLS
Karissa is sooo funny omg 
Pretty sure the dislikers were watching the video upside down and meant to hit the like but they hit dislike
Edit: Karisa: I'm going to be playing pro-.     *Demonetization looks around the corner for a second*
Karisa: polar bears..............Porn
Ahhaa i love this and both of u
I love your pranks so much!! #DUNCLAN   Thanks for all the awesome content you both produce!! 
Lol   Clarissa is so funny
By far the best prank Karissa has ever done!
Shaira Hernandez lost her memory prank is the best imo but this was top 3 for her no doubt.
Only ten minutes late!
P.s feels good!!!!!!!
my mom thought i was watching porn
great prank 
Karissa is having the time of her life and nate is just dying out there
I love themm
I love yall so much ik i don't say anything in the comments but i love yall i see ur guys videos everyday when im sad i see them to at least laugh and it works thanks:)
Im happy you werent doing that you fucking bitch 
How long will Nate a Karissa stay together?? 
 Let me know
Bow down to your prank queen BITCH.
Love you guys
!!!!!!
I wanna win , you to are amazing and such an inspiration !!!
I wanna win that fan of the week name board!!
Ooo this prank is going to be good 
I want my name in the sign please Im subscribed and Ive liked the video 
Their apartment confuses me. They have a porch that is on the ground but the also have a balcony on the roof is their apartment 2 story or ?
This video made me giggle like a Lil girl
Great one
love you guys sm!! i wanna be the fan of the week !
Whoever believes this is dumbbb
I tried so hard to flick the like button
Going to take that W cause I like everyone of your videos
You guys are such a fun couple
You know how happy I would be if my name was on that wall 
Nate: I just wanna talk
*Also Nate holds and waves a giant fucking knife in his hand around*
I have been subscribed for a looooooong time and I've had notifications on since day 1 and if my name is on the board, I will literally cryilyyyyy
Was it??? If it was I'm happy for u
Lmaoo he was bout to whoop some assssss
FAN OF THE WEEK LIKED EVERY VIDEO AND NOTIFS ON FOR YOUTUBE AND FOR INSTAGRAM. i love you guys so much that i have an ista fan page xoxo.narissa please notice me i love you 
Mememememememememe
I wanna be the fan of the week
Hmmm you guys been pranking each other for so long now how tf do you not think it's a prank, everything you been posting now seems FAKE
Bad morning I broken my hand in 3 places
Karissa deserves this crown because this prank was EPIC 
karissa STEALS THE CROWN BACK AND IS THE PRANK QUEENNNNNNNN 
I wont to be on the fan board thing lol love you guys!!!!
I love yall
I wanna win fan of the week! But probably wont...oof 
Yeet!!
Can I win the fan of the week I entered please I think he should do the evection prank
Can I win the fan of the week love u guys so much 
OOOH that the worst thing one can expect from her girlfriend.
Good job with the revenge karissa  and poor naateee,  but still I love you both 
I wanna win it 
I would like to be on your grass wall I believe I should because Im a pro fortnite player I stream 24/7 and get lots of girls
He really just grabbed a knife 
Karissa definitely took this win!
Love u from egypt 
Theres no way Karissa is stronger then Nate , is this fake?
i wanna win :))))))))
Fake af
I loovvveee yaaall
i want to win fan of the week! i love your vids and watch them everyday and like them 
Keep taking those big Ws
It would be so cool if I won the competition  plus Im subbed
Fan of the week
Nate was really about to kill someone  I was like oh shit
Fan of the week pls
The clapping 
Love you guys so much supported you for a long time I would love it so much if you guys notice to me I would hope to be the fan of the week
Hit that like button if you  think they are the best couple ever and they have the best youtube chanel ever.
Love you guys.
I wanna win!!! Im Emilee
Best prank of all time
Hi Nate I would really appreciate if you put my name in the grass wall I did all that you said in the video
THIS IS MY WEEK BRO ! I'M THE FAN OF WEEK , WRITE IT RIGHT NOW 
(LOVE YOU GUYS KEEP TAKING THAT BIG ASS W)
I want to win fan of the week my names Chloe 
I love u sooo much u guys are great karissa took dat crown she deserved that one.
they are crazy in love together if you agree you no what to do
I wanna take that big ass W as the fan of the week!!!!!!!
I love you guys so much!!!!! <3
He really likes her.
Yay Karrissa big w go team Karrisa fan of the week over here 
Im subscribed and turned on notifications because I love yall! I would love to be fan of the week bc i dont know if anyone actually sees my comments! My name is Samantha and I would love to be known in the Big W headquarters!!!
Who love the prank wars
Nate and Larissa I love you Guys so much  your videos are so funny i smile every time I watch you guys and now that its summer I can stay up al night to wait for a new video(because I life in the nethderlands ) dont stop making videos like this cause I will always watch your videos I WANNA BE ON THE BORD!!!! 
HAHAHHAH DUNCAN CLAN?!? DAMN THESE PRANKS R OUTTA HAND
I cant stop laughing
*I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK THING*
4:55 Im tempted to make it a song 
I comment done in almost all the videos but oh well I take big Ws every day and I will keep supporting Nate a Karissa
I wanna won that fan of the week TTTTHHHHing
I saw another youtube use the hulk smash meme i was very offended so much i dislike the video. Not proud but i did it
I would love to be the fan of the week!! I wish I won the iPhone!! Love you guys so much!!! Like if you love these vlogs!!
IVE BEEN SUBSCRIBED FOR AAAAGES AND ILY GUYS SOOO MUCH I EVEN MADE TONS OF EDITS FOR YALL ON MY INSTA !! I WOULD LOOOVE IT IF I WAS FAN OF THE WEEK 
You guys are like my midnight snacks I crave for u
Done 
Awww Nate was so like sad but angry but ahhhh
I literally was having a mental breakdown crying to my pillow, and your video made me smile instantly when i started watching
8:09 play at ,25 speed
He opens the door and closes it again
Because it CAN'T BE LOCKED
But nice fake though
@TIMA you have to watch very close, top left of the door
Just a tiny gap
OMG at 10:29 she simply just opens the door
I don't see it
Hilarious I felt bad for Nate a lil bit
Appreciate little things (aka my name Raenika)  luv you guys
Yessssss I want you to appreciate me!
I wanna win the fan of the week
"you need jesus"
Karissa: **uses book about jesus to make love making noises**
I think everyone wants to be the fan of the week,like..who doesn't
YAAAAASSSSSS
#Dunclan tho
Wanna win
Love you guys so much  I wish you would noticeme
Hahahahahahahaha
I wanna win that fan of the week thing!! 
Me when he had the knife: HOLY SHIT!!!! PRANK GONE TO FAR
I WANNA BE THE THiNG OF ThE wEEK!!!
Comment 528
HAHAHAHA wow wow wow.
He had a knife lol
I love yah
Fan of the week 
Am done take them big ws every day
Love you Garner Gang
One of the best pranks youve ever done 
I want to be  the fan of the week this prank was Nate went crazy
karissa is the QUEEN!!!!!!!!!
Yo thats tough
Im actually dead
NATE HAS A KNIFE IM CRYING
Yay fan of the week
karissa gonna be appreciating nates di*k cause it the little things
my name wasn't even on the wheel. i literally did everything and i really NEED a new phone. this is why i dont participate in giveaways cause i never win. i literally did everything everyday for the past month. this is really unfair. i still love you guys but im just a little upset. so there. just needed to vent my feelings
I wanna win that fan of the week thing. Notifications on since day one, biggest fan from Serbia
In Poland its about 00:02 and im just watching some old videos, and then POW! New video coming out.
Polish gang right here
I want to be on the board
I honestly don't care if I'm on the wall (still would be cool though). I love watching your videos because you never fail to make me laugh.
we love you sm!
Damn, he almost broke the door down!  Big W vibes baby! 
@Nate and Karissa Love you too much. You are so funny to watch
I wanted to!!
Nate start doing videos with the Dolan twins
I love you guys so much #Narissa
Nate start doing videos with the Dolan twins again
heyyyyy
So good !
Nate start doing videos with the Dolan twins again
i wanna be the fan of the week!!!
I wanna win the fan of the week! I love y'all so much!
Nate start doing videos with the Dolan twins again
You guys give me the energy to be active and actually do something during the days I live
I wanna win the fan of the week!!! love u guys
I Want to be the fan of the Week because I take big Ws When I Watch your videos!!!
See what I did there? I capitalized all the Ws
EARLY GANG 
Team Karissa!!!!!
This is new and funnyyy ashhhh
Loveeeeee uuu
Yall ree ree's
Thank you Nate and Karissa. I've gone through alot of shit in these past few days from being bullied to learning about my childhood crush's (Cameron Boyce) death. And I didn't cry until a few minutes ago. I cried for a good five minutes. It's nice to have a good cry. Anyway, I'm saying thank u because after I cried, I looked on my phone, and I got a post notification from u guys (this video) and It made me smile. Thank you for ur positive messages and daily big W's. I'm proud to be apart of the #garnergang 
At least he cares
FAN OF THE WEEK PLEASE FOR FIRST COMMENT!!!
Appreciate little me! 
Karissa your ideas are getting better and better !! Love the pranks
I wanna take that big W and get my name on that wall!! Put my name on that wall!!
I wanna win the fan of the week!!!! Just wanted to say you guys are so inspirational and make lots of ppl happy  I loveee this video
i want to win the fan of the week but i dont have time to like every video u have ever made
Love yall soooo muchh
I want to be the fan of the week
Im sure
i really wanna be that fan of the week TAKE BIG W'S
KARISSA CLAPPING HER HANDS OMFG I DIED
Karissas pranks are the best hands down
karissa takes the  
That was epic 
She got him so good Shes the Queen lol but, awe poor Nate.
Good prank
He loves her so much
I wasen't frist to like 
But i wasen't last
Tacking the big W
Who doesn't want the pranks wars to end
FAN OF THE WEEK. > me <
Btw I love you guys! 
I wanna winnnnnn (Take big W's)
Cause your dum best part of the video. Me+board=GUDDD
Aww I want to be on the sign!! Of course I'm subscribed because why not?
Lygsm
Cant wait to c u guys still together at 60 years old still uploading the best shittt
Oyeh!! love it
FAN OF THE WEEK @bby_bray - that's my insta 
Winner???
Prank starts at 8:05
FAN OF THE WEEK 
los amo bye
I want to be fan of the week!
I love uuuuu
Who else clicked on the video fast af ?Then went straight to the comments 
But Im su to everyone who lis and sribe to m
Omg I win the fan of the week its ok if I dont because Ill still love u but it would still mean a lot I love u Nate I always watch u and those pranks are so funny and cute  LOVE U
I feel like theyre doing pranks everyday for views to the point where theyre just acting now and know whats going on :(
@Jack Moorhouse yeah that's true
Im just saying once he realized what was going on he would had kicked the door down
@Jack Moorhouse maybe he didn't  pay attention to the clothes at the beginning
No fr if this was a real prank he would had kicked that door down as soon as he walked in
Who knows maybe??!!
"I want to win that fan of the week thing"
OMG THIS IS THE MOST EPIC PRANK IN GARNER GANG HISTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wanna be on the bored thingy whatever its called you guys arent the dumb ones I am
I love in jordan and I its 1:00 am ( I always wait until you post then I go to sleep ( I really want to win the fan of the week cuz I really love you guys and it will be soooooooo amazing if you did that ) #garnergang
I want
i wAnNa WiN ThE FaN oF tHE weEK
This is funny as hell hahaha good prank
It is literally 1:00 am  right now where I am from and I was waiting for your video to come up
I Wanna Take That Big W     And Be The Fan Of The Week
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK THING! *nates words*
I'm so blessed to be even chosen out of 15 people I love you guys 
I wanna win! BIG WINS
I want to wind
I want to win
omg i would be so happy to be on that sign! i love you guys so much 
I did everything for the new giveaway thing
Who else is reading the comments before watching the video? 
One of the best pranks ever!!!! I love you guys
Aww, youre videos honestly make me feel so happy and Karissa has taken over the prank crown  
@Nate and Karissa Love you too. #Garnergang
love you!
Much love nate ur amazing 
I wanna win the fan of the week
Me I did subscribe,pls  can I win the giveaway , I am ur biggest fan ever , 
Btw the prank awesome
I'm going to be the first fan of the week, I KNOW IT!!! <3
this was funny asf like if it was
Candra (which is me) says she wants to be the FAN of the week!!!!
I wanna be on the wall of the big W headquarters!!! ily guys lot!
I got here so fucking fastttt
Yeeeeh babe i really really really really really really really wanna to
Big wwww
I needa win please my name is nadir I watched every video u posted on this channel
Nate: " what were you doing "
Karissa: " I was waching porn "
Nate Garner bahaha
@Nate and Karissa omg you replied i love you guys so much your my favorite youtubers ever 
Lillian Hough 
Like real
Nate Garner omg I love ur vids been in the garner gang for sooo long
I love you guys so much  I would love to win fan of the week 
I am subscribed and I want my name on the grass wall. Also I like every video I watch. Also.... I love you both sooo much
Am I the only one who was already nervous by just watching the beginning
Love you guys i cant watch all your videos that when i can i love too i just. Take the big W and i want to win love you guys and will there a another iphone give away ? Love you guys
I did all. Can I be fan of the week nate. Get this at the top
I wanna win the fan of the week
I'm from Mexico! And I see your videos every day!!! I want to be on that wall :c and in your hearts <3
I wanna take that the big W and win the fan of the week!!
Love your videos SO MUCH
I want to be the win on the board and can you message the winner on insta or comment them on your videos please
She s the QUEEN Nate is taking the Ls 
I love you both 
you guys are awesome and so inspirational
IWANTTOWINTHATFANOFTHEWEEKKK
I wanna win fan of the week
I love ur videos! Oh and yay I'm early!!! 
Good morning Dunclan gang 
I am subscribe and notifications are on our love to be your friend of the week because you are So positive and encouraging. I love you
I wanna win the fan of the week 
Love your freakin vids and i loved that prank LOL
Early
I wanna be the fan of the week!!!
Grate video like always and I want to win the fan of the month and you'll are hilarious and YALL STAY TALKING BIG W'S have a great day!!
hey Garner gang kinda sad i didn't win the iPhone x but still pumped cause i love you guys BTW hey Max
i wanna be on the sign of the week
I WANNA BE FAN OF THE WEEK !!
     ""   !!!!!!!
Meeee
She hated this so much ! But best revenged
8:29  I'm fkin dying
Best youtubers ever love you guys
I love them so much, there awesome
I want that fan of the week Ive turned on the notifications not only for YouTube but also for instagram. Plz 
Id love to win the fan of the week 
FAN OF THE WEEK!!!!
Love your videos. Nicholas is a lucky guy
Hey my birthday is tomorrow and I would love it if you would say happy birthday
@Sarai Martinez  thx
Happy Birthday!
It's my birthday 
Bruh when Nate pulled out a knife I thought shit was bout to get real
100% smashed.
~I wAnT tO WIn ThAt ThANg ~
laugh daily
Bitch let me win
can you put my name there Nathaniel
ILYSM you guys are the best. #garnergangggg
Love you guys 
I was laying in my bed being bored to go to the bathroom in order to brush my teeth and go to sleep, when this video came out!
I guess it has to wait...you saved my night! 
Im earlyyyyyyyy
I really want to win the fan of the week my name is ramira
I want to win fan of the week Ive been subscribed since the beginning! I live both of you guys!
I want to win that big W I been subscribe and like your videos
I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK THING
I want to win
IM FREAKING DYING I ACTUALLY CANT BREATHE 
Karissa deserves the prank crown back Nate u need to come back HARD and take that big W
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK THING PLEASE
I WANNA WIN FAN OF THE WEEEEEK
Im really sad I didnt win because I liked subbed got three of my friends to sub but it would mean the world to me to get the fab of the week
Karissa should start her own channel 
i wanna win the fan of the week!! i been subscribed for a longggg time :(((
YES BITCH I WANNA WIN THAT THING OF THE WEEK lol ok bye
I want to win!!!
I want to win the fan of the fan of the week
i want to be on the wall please pick me
Wanna 
That 
Ummmmmmmm...
THING
i want to be on the wall please pick me
I wanna be on da fan
Been here since Nate G the good old timesu guys make me so happy when Im down Xxx
The good times are right now! Back then wasn't the best lol
I WANNA WIN!!
I love u guys
I wanna win the fan of the week, I love you so much
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH  KEEP UP THE HARD WORK YOU GUYS !!!!!
I want to win!!!!! My name is Sharlene  ilygsm
I wanna WINNNN !!!! Big W
i wanna win plzzzzzzzzz
Im confused because this isnt showing up on my feed or on their page 
Ya boi is the fan of the week
Done I wanna win the fan of week 
Taking big W's EVERYDAYYYY
karissa looked so uncomfortable the entire time and i found it so funny til nate grabed a knife
We only take W yall help me through everything I have gone through thank you so much
I WANNA WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
I mean that took a turn when Nate had a knife in his hand 
Bigggg ass Ws
I wanna win  litterly would mean the world
I WANT TO BE ON THE GRASSS WALLL !!  take that big W :)) love you guys 
This is how many years the Garner gang is gonna live on
Doneeeeeeee
I'm sad lol I'll try harder next time and even if I don't win I'm part of the garner gang and donclan lol and taking that big w every day
I want to be the fan of the FUCKING week
Can I pls be fan of the week?
Pls I wanna be fan of the week
I wanna win fan of the week my name is laci
Please 
EVEN THO I DIDNT WIN CONGRATS NICHOLASLMAOAOA ANYWAY THIS PRANK>>>>>
I work at this place called Tropical Smoothie and we have a smoothie called The BAHAMA MAMA!!!
Best smoothie
Best smoothie there;)
BAHAMA BUCKS
Hahahahhahahaha i knowwww
Shaelynn Campfield I GOt aN INTERVIEW THERE TOMORROW AYYYEEEEE
Nate being in a mood 
I wanna win soooo bad
I subscribed I love u guys I hope I get the shout out or the I phone
I wanna win!
I wanna win
Early! KEEP TAKING BIG W'S GARNER GANG! Love you guys so much!
Ohh you got him!! 
What they are going to deliver it themselves?  meeting them would be so awesome. Great video though!
*I WANNA WIN THAT THING OF THE WEEK YEAHHHHHHH oml plz*
WE SEE YOU! (:
Done!
ive been waiting for this since the beginning
id love to be fan of the week  also love u guys
I wanna win 
Honestly I'm just waiting for this channel to blow tf up
Yes Karissa!!!!
Done!!!
You Americans always only choose people from America, us people over seas never get a chance.
Love you
Love you guys keep going
LOVE YOU GUYS 
Earlyyyyy
Congratulations Nicholas
Freaking luv u guys and the fact that he cares much is so cute  big wins everyday  I WANT TO WIN THE FAN OF THE WEEK
Prank wars baby
That's funny how someone disliked the video and when they just posted this huh  the people that dislike are subscribed!!
why don't you know it's a prank? Like you prank each other every day bro
Nate with a knife: open up the door
I wanna win the fan of the week!!!!
I have been subscribed since 49k!!!
I love you guys
Paige!!
Definitelynb
You are a fan of the dolan twins
Just reading the title i know that its going to be lit goshh. Karissa really nailed it lol
bruh im deaddddd
Roses are red
Violets are blue
The prank starts at 8:02
Fan of the week please
Havent watched this yet but I already to know it is going to be an epic one
#GARNERGANG THE STRONGEST FAMILY ON YOUTUBE
8:37 the clock moved by itself like if u catch it
I love u guys so much #teamkarissa #garnerganggg
No views and 378 likes? 
Congrats Nick!
Done!!!
WHO LOVES NATE AND KARISSA?
i am a small ytber with aesthetic vid
@xXTatoGangXx .p. Thx
@zexity man I'll sub to you!
more like who doesn't they're the best <3
@xXTatoGangXx .p. I'm going to sub
Im a small youtuber too
Donee i want that phone so freaking much
Ohhhhhh noooooo
NATE I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U I LOVE U AND KARISSA TOO SOOOOOO MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ILYSM ILYSM  can I plz be the fan of the week ILYSM ILYSM I did everything just to win the iPhone but sadly I didnt win 
Good job with the payback Karissa!! Maybe little too far but Nate dose that too!! Love you guys!!
I wanna be the fan of the week. Please?. Ps, I always like your videos before i watch them cause "i already know its gonna be an epic one". Quote by Nate Garner. Sorry I'm weird
Keep making those BANGERSSS! , KEEP TAKING THOOSE BIGGGG W'S!!!
Never came this erly OmG  luv u guys 
Wow.......... Just wow
Hiii Im early!!!
Does he reply to comments?? 
i literally love you guys so much wow
You took the prank crown again you definitely turned my frown upside down peace love  and take big dubs
I love you guys so much. Nate and Karissa inspire me so much to just go for my dreams and not care what anyone else thinks. 
I actually thought I could win
they really put in the dedication to their pranks  and go all out so enjoyable and entertaining! 
Good video I love itttt
WHO LOVES NATE?
i am a small ytber with aesthetic vid
they're the best youtbers ever <3
Im ready to win this time, Im going to take that big W!
love you guys
#dunclan. 
its says it 2 comments when there is like 20 to 15
6:03 your welcome
First one  I love you guys and I subscribed and have the notifications on and I liked every single video and I posted a story on my ig @j_khhhh and I mentioned you in it from #Egypt & #saudiarabia love you 
Early 
Love it, keep taking those big Ws
Today is my birthday and I all ready know it is a good video
I WANNA WIN THAT FAN OF THE WEEK, THEEENGHH 
Early 
I love u guys
early 
Omg Karissa this was a good prank, good thing you pranked Nate back ! 
Ahhhhhhh I don't even know what team to even be on like #teamNate ? Or... #teamKarrisa ? They are both taking suchhhhhh biggg W!!!
Naww Carissa was not so mean
im dead 
Im like Dreaming about Karissa Cuz shes so pretty..... im sorry if i slelt it wrong!
Awe he was so heartbroken. Omg  love you guys
FAN OF THE WEEK!
Where my earlybirds at?
Edit:we taking dem W's always and everyday
BIG W'S!!
@poop hehe tete damn dude ik i forgot like i not stupid
Stop lying your comment does not even say edited in it so......
awhhhhhh
I Love ya'all
9:15 YOU NEED JESUS
prank starts 6:16 thank me later
Yasssss #teamkarissa taking da big dub
Doneee 
heyyy
Haaiiii
Am I the only one that says the whole intro with them??
Yes? Ok  that's fine.
I am early sksksk ily guys 
I dreamed that I met you guys.... lol
Im finally one of the first ones . Havent even watch it yet but I already now is going to b an epic blog 
Day one till they like my comment...
Fiiirrrstt
Done 
I love u guys.
Omg. This was so funny 
HERE!!!
Can you please shout me out I like all the videos and I'm subscribed and I turn the notification bell on
Hi nate and karissa I just wanted to say I LOVE YOU.
Yes back with a banger
742 like with no views.. how
I literally was having a mental breakdown crying to my pillow, and your video made me smile instantly when i started watching
Oml u Sound like me if u ever need to talk i gotchu
Aww. I hope everything's well
@Tatiana Franco now yes
enry sf aw are you okay?
You guys always make my day better
To The two dislikers ...fuck the haters
0 views and 344 likes, fuck youtube needs to go to a mental hospital!
Heyyy
No views
721 likes
116 comments
Done I love our vieeos
Oh my gosh I was just looking at their page because I wanted to watch a new video but there wasnt one, and then 10 sec later this showed up. We takin that big W apparently
Ohh... I wasnt even on there
Yayyyy finally early i love you two so much
You guys are so cute
Great vids I love you guys
Garner gaaannnggg the best gang in the world 
Hi nate and karissa I just wanted to say I LOVE YOU.
Notification gang 
First loved the vid
Whos part of the garner gang 
I love both of your pranks thx for making my day better
Yeeeeeeeeh finally
Ly guys 
Who else says their intro with them
Ily nate and karisa you guys make me laugh every time i watch your videos and you guys are very humble and happy people witch makes me happy !!
Early or first idk anymore this laptop is so slow
Hiiiiii I love you guys so much you are the best peaple on YouTube and I will be taking them w
What's up bro love your vids
ilygsm
Omg Karissa taking that prank crown 
Yess I love pranks 
They are the best
Omg first pls reply I am your biggest fan 
Omg karissa such a good prank love your vids i liked before i watched cause i knew it would be epic
nate and karissa give me happiness 
I love you so much  take big w's! 
Literally clicked so fast
Notification squad  you have made my day.
I've never clicked a video so fast lmao 
I love it
#notificationsquaddd love u!
Garner Gang is  the strongest family  on YouTube
I love your videos so much!! They always make me happy and smile  I always now that when Im in a bad mood I can watch your videos and it will put me in a good mood. Thxs ILYSM 
Yayyy!!!! And you know A lot of youtubers are copying your new trend keep the haters guessing and #FuckTheHaters
@Die Die Lullaby oh
@Angela Dominguez facts
PrimeTime Reacts yesssssss thats right
If it's a trend it's not copying
I also saw another YouTuber copy a bunch of their vids exp- the doing makeup bad to see if bf notices
Ive been subscribed since u had 200k
i love your pranks!! theyre so funny
AYYYYYYY, FIRST COMMENT! garnerrgangg
Finaly. Cant wait to watch  this
Ahhhhhh I'm 7th NOTIFICATION squad were you at!!!!!
Omg yassss a cheating prank luv u guys  garner gang for LIFE 
EARLYYYYY :)) BIG W's GARNER GANGGGG!! love you guysss
I LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH YOU GUYS ARE SO PERFECT FOR EACHOTHER
Love you guys! #notificationgarnergang
PAY BACK!!!!
I've never clicked a video faster 
Pls can I like my comment
First comment bitches
i love your videos
Best prank everrrrr!!! 
10th NEW DAY NEW VDEO TAKNG THAT BG W AGAN AND AGANN
i love your pranks!! theyre so funny
post notifications always on oh btw dont commented on every video and said done love u guys hope i win and take that big W
I love yall I hope to grow up to be just like yall 
I feel so bad that he cried
Yasss
GOOD AFTERNOON  DUNCLAN!!
#Garnergang!!!!
heyyyy nate and karissa i love yall so much it would mean the world if you responded or liked the comment 
I love yall so much you are the besstttt!! 
Hello I love u guys pls like my comment  team Nate:)
Aw poor Nate
She won all hands down she won this one
the bed is on lava 
 Like if u were lazy 
I jumped so high there i broke. My arm 
How did u know?!?!?!?
Im on my couch 
Yeahh too lazy
Im taking a shit
Omg I love yall so much 
firsttt
Hiiiii
i love you guys sooo much 
FirstI LOVE YA
Best prank youtuber. 
BIG W'S 
Hi I love your videos it make my day even better I love yall
I love you so much guys youre awesome 
Hey garner gang !! Have a great day 
Idk if i should feel bad for nate 
can't wait for this videooooo 
love you 
DONE 
NOTIFFF SQQUAAAAD
Literally clicked when I saw the notification! Done!
Another epic video. Big Ws today Garner gang 
First 
I was the 6th like
first*
1st comment liked because we all ready know its gonna be a banger
Love ur vidsss
Wassup ganer gaaaang
Loved the vid
Always have and always will
early squad!! 
I love you guys so much!!! I love you two as a couple!!! You guys make me so happy!!! Love yall
#GARNERGANG
I love y'all smmmm
KARISSA YOU GOT HIM GOOD!!!!
#garnerganggg
First
DONE 
Love u guys
Viagra prank
THIS IS SO SAD
No views
13 likes 
  Is YouTube drunk again
He got so scared! 
Ahhh love u guys so much! 
girst
If this is blue you love Nate 
(Im road to 1.2 any help)
EARLYYY :))
First
Notifications Ganggggg !!
Nate :( 
My first time being first I clicked wayyyyy tooo fast
i love this idea so freaking much
I love you guys take that big W
First comment ily #notifucationaquad
Im so excited to see this
Love your vids guys TAKE BIG W'S
Oh this is gonna be a doosie lol
"ah ha ha" meme
I love you guys
I LOVE YOU GUYS
I would of kicked the door down
OMG i've never clicked so fast
First comment and view!!!!!!  Yayyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love uuu
Can i please get a shoutout i was the first view
Hi Nate 
I clicked onto this so fast
 Can u do my name pls! I wanna win fan of the week! Ilysm!!
First comment
*WHEN I BLOW UP IM LINKIN WITH NATE* 
EARLY TAKE WS!!!!!!! ILYSMMMMMMMMMM
You guys are the best!! 
First comment BIG W 
I love youu
AHHHH love you guys!!!!!! 
1st Here Is The Real Squad
I love you guys so much
Garner Gang!!!!!
First gang
Love u
Jajajajajajaja
Love yalls videos
DONE 
Omg 1st to comment
First comment lets go
THE CRYING SUCH A MOOD
Early!!!! 
notification squad 
FAKEEE
FIRST
First
Early
ILYSM NATE
first
earlyyyy
first
#DUNCLAN
Great videos DONE
First
Omygosh.
Love u guys
First
FIRST COMMENT!!!!!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA
I love you soo much! Support my channel!
HAHAJSB HI
i love you guys 
Love your videos
First
First
Love you!
Heyyy
garner gang baby
First
 you guys are couple goals
First
Lol I love them
*Keep inspiring smaller YouTubers like Myself  nate* 
first
