EHYEA
Relaxing music
the first one tho...
People think its for staying awake.... While im listening this to fall asleep and see good dreams
helps me sleep
I enjoy these tunes I find them so relaxing and I like the different melodies and rhythms but I find the tracks very short as Im getting into the track I find it ending if whoever created this playlist could make all the tracks longer at least 4 mins for each track I would say.
i love your relaxing music
These are my favorite tunes. I listen to them when I am working to keep me happy!! I wish I could make music with my ukulele as good as these are!!!
I listen to this almost everyday with my friends! It makes me feel so happy!
are they free to use
Play this for your baby. Your welcome.
My Son loves this music it gets him sleep all the time
Thanks for the music! Whenever I feel sad and lonely, I listen to this.
fantastic one ! now everyone is happy! Yaaaaaaahooooooooo.
<3 <3 <3
Is anyone else here because they're so depressed and desperate for any touch of a good feeling?.........or is it just me?
This is great.  Makes me feel good.  Happy feet...Happy Me.
Feliz Ao 2018  mi deseo es que tengas un ao venturoso lleno de satisfacciones personales que Dios te bendiga y sigas compartiendo tan bellos videos
Elsa Sanchez Atoche
Love this music.  Can this be bought especially for first 3 tunes.  I am a ukulele tutor and would love to use it as a background to my teaching
I was going to play a scary game so I played this over it and it wasn't even scary anymore xD I love this
very nice music..
Seems like I've heard some of these on commercials. Especially the 2nd tune.
Somebody know the first song plz ?
seconds the music hits, my shoulders started moving and i couldn't wait without smiling , REAL MEDIC E
awesome.... thank u so much for the video. always makes me feel amazing
A metal head comment passing through.
Name for first three?
Can you please provide a track list to help identify the music
All music in this video are from epidemic sound.
.:: Track list ::.
0:00:00 : Trying To Feel Good 2 - Niklas Ahlstrm
0:02:06 : By the Fire - George's Town
0:04:18 : Sweet Little One - Clarence Reed
0:05:50 : All Together Now 5 - rjan Karlsson
0:07:34 : Our Home Our Life - More than Family
0:09:35 : Fling On A Thing 2 - Bjrn Skogsberg
0:11:41 : Fling On A Thing 3 - Bjrn Skogsberg
0:13:54 : A Little Jar of Happiness - Earle Belo
0:16:15 : Feels Like Yesterday - More than Family
0:18:08 : Little Grin - Earle Belo
0:20:02 : My Smile Or The Smileway 2 - rjan Karlsson
0:21:57 : Paper Bag (Instrumental Version) - Sture Zetterberg
0:24:33 : My Smile Or The Smileway 5 - rjan Karlsson
0:26:24 : My Last Name - Got Jax
0:28:35 : Smiling Rootsie Ukuleles 1 - rjan Karlsson
0:30:33 : That's Fine (Instrumental Version) - Nashional
That's all!
Lovely music there ;)
i love your music, can i use it for my videos? :)
Please do not use loops, they are annoying.
I use this music a lot
I hate winter... :-'(
is it free ?
Oh no no no I'm Hawaiian and if you don't want other people to criticize you like I'm doing right now than take out the whistle
Came here because I'm so stressed for my exam tomorrow that I haven't studied for and on the brink of breaking down..
Spongebob?
This is so happy it upset me
Trkler neredeler
This is fantastic!!!
THANK YOU WOOOOW
its awesome to hear... may i downlload this?
When u find true happiness on y t and ur just like :000
Came to a video I wanted to watch, but it had dramatic and seriously depressing music. 
So I put this on.
Very nice music. I like it.
I use this when Im playing outlast
YESSS!
love this,it's something great to hear when you wake up on the right side of the bed,on a sunny morning.Thx to whom created this,it truly brings joy.
anyone know how I can add this music as background to a powerpoint
just trying to write a five page paper the night before its due ):
I like this song 
I Love Sea!
Most relaxing music. It refresh my mind. Happiness is flowing into my life with this music . Thank you.
Beat,es
Stones
How can we know the single tracks' name?
This Song reminds me of pokemon sun and moon
I'm so deeply mesmerized
I'm so deeply mesmerized
I'm so deeply mesmerized
I'm so deeply mesmerized
I'm so deeply mesmerized
I have a Hawaiian themed Celebration of Life event coming up for the recent passing of someone who held a dear place in many hearts. I think this would be great for the background music. It's a depressing event, but this should be good, right? Your thoughts, friends..
i love it ,nice ukulele  acoustic music
Should be played at every funeral.
Can I use your music for my travel video with credits? Thanks :D
I use this when I draw to give a relaxing mood!Thanks for the music!
Nice, but reminds me of shitty FB videos with awful captions
I imagine im in hawaii listening to this while in bulgaria such a shitty weather,you guys must be living the dream
If I could I'd reupload this and name it "Peppy Wake Up Music You Play to Annoy Your College Roommates"
Makes me so happy. Thnx for sharing :)
Every slime tutorial ever.
love listening to this while I am in my craft room
when it's Saturday.
Can you give me a name of the first song, pls ? I really like this, Thank you
Mahalo
Can I use this for one of my videos?
me gustaa!!!
i was crying and searched up happy music and chose this
I listen to this when I do homework . Very helpful.  I am obsessed with emojis
Deleon dynamics Acrobatics hi
a moment of appreciation to my 11 yo brother i caught napping on a sunny afternoon with this music in the sala
Me agrada mucho la msica de ukulele, un saludo desde El Salvador C.A., GRACIAS
look up little clown. that's my reason for being here.
Muzica pentru copii
hermosos temas, gracias
who played Roblox before
ThIs JuSt MaDe My DaY iNtO hApPyNeSs
Sounds like a Kickstarter campaign
suprb.....
G-D-C
Em-D-G
Chords for the first song !
this is great to listen to while doing homework
Iam listening this when i play Outlast and watching IT
Can I use this in a video?
calming...
i really like it!
Love this! A lot of the relaxing/ambient music here on YouTube tend to be really really sad (!), its quite hard to find something uplifting. This is perfect. :)
Wonderful 
I  have played ukulele at school only in friday
i love this music
music is loved
Like the title. It's very cheerful
Every time I am about to do homework, this is my go to video. IT IS SO RELAXING!!!
good vibes.. bb
I just ate a bean that tasted like Spoiled Milk. I then listened to this. The spoiled milk was then gone. Thanks.
oh yeah YA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you give tutorials for playing ukulele?!!
People who have a happy heart have proven to have a well-formed "X" shape in their DNA. They don't get cancer and have a good life too :)
Anyone know the name of the first song?
Truly amazing
this made me so happy!! :) :) :)
Love it!!! Can I use it as background for a  video? thanks
tp is life
ukulale kid remix
Thanks for this it made feel better after I got my nail of my toe  nail it hurt so bad but it helped me well 
I listened to this whilst I was taking a shower
This sounds like car insurance commercial music.
Nationwide is on your side
ajre82 Are you in good hands? Allstate.
Are you French? :)
i have seen in tire commercial
ajre82 i know!
They really make me feel cheerful and happy jejej i was kinda sad I would love to play the ukulele :D
This is so cheesy I love it.
The first one is my favourite.
muy relax, gracias
First song made my parakeet laugh.
i use it for my backround music for my videos :)
Great Stuff!  Thanks for posting this music.
Ahhh, nothing like these classic happy and calm vibes.
It calm me down in horror movie
Can you share the chords? Its really good
RELAX MUSIC --- thank you very much for creating this video! I enjoy listening to this type of music! God bless you!
Love it
excellent
This really helps me sleep
Hey ! What is the name of the song at 36:00 ? 
Nice to wake up thinking of HAWAI
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
I LOVE IT! 
*I LOVE IT, TOO!* 
Can you tell me what is the name of the first song in this, the one with whistling. Thank you! Love it
I've been listening to this wonderful music lately. Thanks for sharing! I can't have enough of it!
When You Are Cleaning Your Room And Then Your Sibling Put On Some Random Music LOL
great music!
I like Hawaiian  and irish music :) it relaxes me and makes me so happy thanks so much for this video!
alexandra fragoso  bom
i neede this after beef
47:16 what' the name 
What song is at 15:00??
I was stresses out and when I listened to this I felt really relaxing and calm.
everyone should listen to this 
its so soothing great for videos and relaxing
love it so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Put it on while the scary parts were playing on a movie :D
It makes me know dat life is gud
4:18 - my favorite part
Love This 
second song, but only the second. How and where can i find it?
can anyone tell me about the title of first track ? i just want to search for the track.
When I need to get away from reality and go somewhere where no one can tell me no, where I'm not bothered I turn on the radio or I turn on music on YouTube and I go far away to an island that I only know about where everything is possible 
At one point the music got slow and it made me very depressed and upset it was unpleasant
Then it got happy again*
when your watching a scary video so you mute that video and turn on this it really work
I watched something so scary and I need this
this music makes me so happy cheerful.thank you
im still not happy i still want to die
love the music, thank you so much
G'morning!!!, This is my "get into my HAPPY ZONE" music. Thank You!
I listen to this while reading stuff about the paranormal online
love it make me happy always
Very nice )
this is awesome to listen to well i play my games like Minecraft to have this playing in the backround thanks!
I was curious what they meant by happy music, and i listened, and yea, that's what it is. But it's also a cell phone commercial soundtrack.
VERY NICE!!!!
I don't mind the commercials - some are really entertaining even. But please don't play them in the middle of an on-going song. sometimes they come on and there's only 30 sec left of the song when it is interrupted. Really?!?!?!?!?
just add ads block plus extension into your chrome, you're never have to worry about youtube ads again
Thank you for this lovely music. I really needed it on this rainy gray day in England :)
Patty Pereira Taylor z
anyone know the first song name?
Skyler Pierce I was checking if someone did
what is the name  of the first  song??,..   I need to get it in MP3  and  can not.  help me!
enjoyable music
This helped my dog go to sleep, thanks so much!
i love this music OMG! plss talk mee if you live in hawaii i am from spain
Where in Fla and Spain?
I am from TURKEY
No Im not from Hawaii but I am about to go to Hawaii for a week
NIKOKE TUY I am not from Hawaii and have never been there but I want to. I recommend the Cook Islands if you like Hawaii. They are very similar but they are not on a volcano. I went to two of the islands and they are very nice .
Eh Im from FL
911/420 Good rating
Please, what's the name of the song at 18:08?
Mahalo from Hawaii.  Very therapeutic music!
Hello, i really like the first music, can I ask how can I get the copyright of this music for business use (just use in promotion video which post on social media channel), look forward to your reply, Thanks
that song sucks dick
My baby loves it.
Anyone else think they could've searched advertising music and come up with the same video?
Stefan Ford Omg yes
Spongebob music goes with this
when u eat dinner alone and it makes u sad. So playing a happy music to brighten up the atmosphere.
Sup A.R.M.Y
being alone is not a bad thing. don't be sad. Just reflect on life's beauties and meanings. just be happy with yourself and then other people would want your comapny.
What a beautiful thought!  Thank you.
baozi xiumin get some flowers for the table and be happy
Happy
Yeah this is satanic music
I play this during a police chase
@Siegfried Mordrake Predicted the emote.
That was a nice situation which I've never seen before
Natasha Wall its supposed to be a joke
Thank you for the music!
How could people dislike this!!
I would dislike this because it's a loop.
Wilbur Sorto why are you stupid? Learn proper English!
Y u stupid
I know right?
my favorite!
same i was playing five nights at freddys while listening to this 10/10
very nice music.
this is super! so love the first track. i hope somebody can share a track list. please, please....Thanks.
All music in this video are from epidemic sound.
.:: Track list ::.
0:00:00 : Trying To Feel Good 2 - Niklas Ahlstrm
0:02:06 : By the Fire - George's Town
0:04:18 : Sweet Little One - Clarence Reed
0:05:50 : All Together Now 5 - rjan Karlsson
0:07:34 : Our Home Our Life - More than Family
0:09:35 : Fling On A Thing 2 - Bjrn Skogsberg
0:11:41 : Fling On A Thing 3 - Bjrn Skogsberg
0:13:54 : A Little Jar of Happiness - Earle Belo
0:16:15 : Feels Like Yesterday - More than Family
0:18:08 : Little Grin - Earle Belo
0:20:02 : My Smile Or The Smileway 2 - rjan Karlsson
0:21:57 : Paper Bag (Instrumental Version) - Sture Zetterberg
0:24:33 : My Smile Or The Smileway 5 - rjan Karlsson
0:26:24 : My Last Name - Got Jax
0:28:35 : Smiling Rootsie Ukuleles 1 - rjan Karlsson
0:30:33 : That's Fine (Instrumental Version) - Nashional
That's all!
thank you! I play this all the time whenever I'm sad, depressed, happy, just relaxing or while biking.
gingay Plantado 
que buena msica!!
can I use your music for one of my youtube videos?
Love it thanks a lot!
Count me in as one who loves this music. :-). Only thing better would be to be in Hawaii listening to it in person.
Sandy Thorpe Gonna go there soon for a few weeks... I'll try
Can this music be used in the background of a video I am making? Love it so much!
i love it too! although your comment is an year old, i'll just let you know..
if you check the description, it says that the music is copyrighted, and all rights are reserved.
i think if you purchase a license, you can use it. unless you want a copyright strike.. :)
loves it
Where can I get this CD? What is this CD called?
good! bu, liite repeating soundo rizum too mucu. sorry.
Track names for all the songs playing would be awesome!!!
@Anonymous wow! Thanks so much!
All music in this video are from epidemic sound.

.:: Track list ::.

0:00:00 : Trying To Feel Good 2 - Niklas Ahlstrm

0:02:06 : By the Fire - George's Town

0:04:18 : Sweet Little One - Clarence Reed

0:05:50 : All Together Now 5 - rjan Karlsson

0:07:34 : Our Home Our Life - More than Family

0:09:35 : Fling On A Thing 2 - Bjrn Skogsberg

0:11:41 : Fling On A Thing 3 - Bjrn Skogsberg

0:13:54 : A Little Jar of Happiness - Earle Belo

0:16:15 : Feels Like Yesterday - More than Family

0:18:08 : Little Grin - Earle Belo

0:20:02 : My Smile Or The Smileway 2 - rjan Karlsson

0:21:57 : Paper Bag (Instrumental Version) - Sture Zetterberg

0:24:33 : My Smile Or The Smileway 5 - rjan Karlsson

0:26:24 : My Last Name - Got Jax

0:28:35 : Smiling Rootsie Ukuleles 1 - rjan Karlsson

0:30:33 : That's Fine (Instrumental Version) - Nashional

That's all!
what is the title of the first track??
im playing along with my uke
JujuBee55 what chords are you using?
I love THE MUSic
very nice
Rewelacja
relax music YOUR SO GOOD AT DOING THIS! NP!
This is exactly what I was looking for! Happy music, no words, a big splash of Hawaii, the perfect music for the pool!
Or role-playing with yourself and swimming in a fake ocean...
you made my day! :)
I listen to this when I got scammed at cs:go
LOL! That's sure an odd reason...XD
odd reason but I'm glad you happy too
When you watch a scary movie for bed and can't sleep
Ti n t Vit Nam ()
I just watch a Disney cartoon then lol
Like your profile picture, My Hero Academia is awesome! Toga is a bit crazy, though...
astetic AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA omg  thats literally the reason I listen too this
the music is great to get going and relaxing... pls put more on youtube thanks
What is not to like from this music? I love it
GET. BACK. TO. WORK!
thx m8
i like it it helps me play roblox without shouting if i lose
like :)
I love the first two tunes. They will rise up my mood instantly. I never thought music would have this much power. Thanks for uploading @Relax music.
Kousik R same
very true though
What are they....?
Me too! The first 2 are DA BEST!!!! :D
I really love it
the first track is gonna be my personal theme song and I'm gonna carry a boombox playing it whenever I walk down a street or pretty much go anywhere. ;)
@MsBouncingSoul theme name is "Trying To Feel Good 2" by Niklas Ahlstrm from Epidemic Sound
Nice 
AWESOME
+MsBouncingSoul no
thats the fountain of the annoyance...
I love it. It makes my work environment so much happier...AND now I'm whistling and bopping my head along to the music without realizing it. Thank you!
Can someone tell me the chords to this? I want to play a ukulele fingerstyle cover of this.
Joelle Small Just kidding kkkkk but, If you don't know a major andar a Minor note, learn It first, then you can start playing
Oh, um, thank you? I still don'y understand.
pick 3 or 4... majors are better and you're done
I love this so much!
This makes me feel like, yay #AdventureTime! (Not the show, I'm talking about having a time for an adventure.)
This really helped me to chill out, a lot. Thank you :3
BUONGIORNO AMICE MIECOMESTATE IOSTO BENE VOI AUGURO CHISTATITUTEBENE CARE MIE BUON DIVETIMENTI MUSCA RILASANTE IO LOTROVO MOLTO RILASANTE NONSO VOIPOI ONGUNO DINOI ASUA SELTA GRAZIE CHIMADATE SEMPRE CUESTA OPUTUNNITA DISEGUIREME COLAMIA RACUOT GRZIE VOI AMICE
like it!
this music makes you happy and heals depression very quickly ! awesome !
7y7yn.  8
sercan kavak he ondan
It sure does!!
1am, sitting on my bed, the night fondle my soul while the world has asleep. Listening to happy music perfect the quiet night mood
super placentero escuchar este tipo de musica alegra los sentidos
trs bonnes mlodies
Its so gooood!!!
i like it
it helped me sleep ; ]
it helped me
Ksznm!
yeah now  i'm happy !
Listening to this after watching Boy in striped pajamas 
That sounds good, especially since I'm learning about World War II in class. I'll check it out!
Lovely
Right, I know that. It's about two boys; one a concentration camp commander's son the other the son of a Jewish prisoner during the Second World War. While it's not as humorous as the book it's based on (from John Boyne, if you're wondering) it's still a great movie.
Anna Mozatee sorry to interrupt but that movie was about war.
Well, nothing is wrong with me, actually. Why do you ask?
Very nice!
sound good !
  ,  .
stupenda musica
Matilde Purpura Italiani ne abbiamo? XD
Matilde Purpura 
Matilde Purpura musica estupida*
Matilde Purpura si veramente stupenda! Io la uso per addormentarmi
alina chen me too in a week!
I enjoy your music. It makes me relax. Thank you.
Mahalo!
ok gzel ^_^
FEEL YOUNG AGAIN.....
Yes! age is just about attitude!
Bellissima e piacevole musica. Complimenti e grazie per la pubblicazione- Giovanni
nose,foc
Ok.... mmmm....
Mela Vindas z
hello dante
I love it. Thanks for publishing.
I love it it calms me down quickly 100/10 best for all happy days
After watching scary videos..... this song is SICK!!!
So... 10?
Jed Preaseau I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
543454
Fantabulous..Can this music be used for my cooking channel ?
it is copyrighted. they wrote in the description
Is it non copy right Music ?
Very nice music for studying so far.  Hopefully, there are no vocals as it can be distracting while reading.
Samoan music
NO <<SO FAR>> YES 100%
Very true.
These images are the best gift for me this Christmas. Congratulations; people capable of feeling thrue compassion, are the people who will change the world!!!
What if ALL Animals live this way?
Love This videod it always helps me feel better  thx For Upload 
watching this after seeing the scariest shit on internet
I swear Im literally sweating all over even tho I dont sweat much
Who else came here from the saddest videos on the internet
looked up happiest video ever
was not disappointed
Kulli kikke pylly kakkeli
pertti
kakka
Is this a paradise?
I grew up on a small farm. Went to college on egg and milk money. Raised New Hampshire Reds. Kept  a crippled chick, Baby for 13 yrs. Chickens are wonderful it's just that people do not seem to understand that animals have feelings, are funny, etc. Thank you so much for bringing back memories-had a pygmy goat years later-Oh the JOY!! THANK YOU.
I came to watch this after watching a short film that I thought was cute and all, but no it's a stalker following a girl everywhere. I had a heart attack!!!!!!
My,Oh! My, what wonderful little characters they all are. It so heart-warming to see them having so much fun,when their fate could have been so much worse.Millions of bouquets to all at Edgar's Mission. Watching this has made  my day,and,it goes into my favourites,along with everything else Edgar's mission uploads.
Sup my ass
I had a nightmare thanks I really appreciate it
I wish we could
This video was released the week my cheating boyfriend dumped me, and I watched it endlessly just to help me get out of bed. It reminded me that there was goodness in the world. I completely forgot what it was called and have just this minute rediscovered it. I don't just want to thank you for the work you do, but for keeping me going when all I wanted to do was lie in bed until I died. Still alive, people! Still alive! xxxxxxxxxxx
Too cute to handle
48 dislikes
Wish you wouldmake a healing Farm for us. Thos who love and treat all specie with respect
Who else came here just from watching a string of sad videos on purpose and then coming here?
I love it!!!!!!
Just cam from watching a scary video
Try not to smile challenge
Jk the video is awesome
Sorry I cant watch
This is to scary
I just watched the scariest video ever this helps me
Awesome vid :D
This IS Happiest video ever! :)
Wow! Brilliant video. Wish I wasn't so far away from Edgars Mission.
You know, the world really needs stuff like this...
This is the best video ice ever seen and how could people dislike it?
Just watched requiem for a dream and trying to come back from that experience
This video cheered me up because we had to kill a spider and we tried helping it so I cried and I was sad but now Im happy thx so much 
AWWWWWWWW SOOOOOOOOOO CUTEEEEEEE
My sister died so this helped temporarily
Am I the only who wanted to see if the happiest video has dislikes?
I have not got sleep all night this will help
I was thinking About harming myself because of what I am but this vidio made me happy
thank you for this wonderful video
Great. I'm turning vegan. Fuck
Lmao I'm so happy thinking about when they grow up and in what ways I'm gonna eat them. Almost surreal. 
I needed this after:
1:most horrifying pictures of tsjernobyl 
2:most horrifying pictures of insane asylums
3:creepy ghost tapes caught on camera
oh my god same! the second one specially
From Dust To A Lifeform oh my gosh number three was me i literally was looking up tons of creepy stuff and i uh got a little too deep and was freaking the frick out
I am so ready for to grow up. So i can eat them in Mcdonald's 
I think I am the only boy watching
This video made my day 
i just came to this video because i saw pyramid head grabb a lady by her boobs while naked... twist them like 360... pull them, rip the front part of her skin off and throw it against their friends...
im ready for therapy
Just came from watching something very horrific and upsetting
same was out with friends and saw a guy acting odd searched around for a while turns out the way he acted was the same of the description of the smiling man freaking out rn trying to calm down with this lolololol
Came here from halo cause videos
I'm here because I watched what if Grayson Dolan died I have a sore head from crying so I'm here  it didn't help just I keep crying someone please help me
I came here becose my dog is almost died
A reminder of how we all need to be vegetarians...btw
Thank you for all your work in helping God's creatures!!
Brings back memories of my Uncle Tom's farm where I spent many summers.  Bottle feeding the baby goats ..so much fun!  Just thank you!!!
just came here from animals dying bc of bad people then i watched this anc i smiled and my tears went away:)
I just watched super scary and sad videos....ahhhh I feel better
Dssvob AJ same here that us exactly the same thing it makes me feel so happy
came from Chill's Possession vid
but I feel okay now
awwwwwwwww
Wie schn wenn Tiere glcklich leben
soooooooo sweet
Came here from a shooting I'm not kidding please keep your replies to yourself
This is helping
this saved me from
CRIPELING DEPRESSION
This is just so cute a feel happy video!!
sooooooooooooooooooooo cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuteeeee
ahh a fly oh wait
I just came from Tales From The Crossing
Aww super cute! :D This video always makes me smile :)
I'm going in full screen cover me guys (   )
Using this video for my five percent left on my iPad
And to make me feel better about being in the pitch blackness of my room at 11:20
I came here since I was watching a sad movie this made me feel so much better!
I love life! This video just made my day 
who else needed this because they watched pipose the doll animation
who else needed this because they watched pipose the doll animation
Sweet!
I'm glad there are places like this on earth.
That's just too much cuteness!!! I'm puking rainbows right now!!! xD
cunts
subscribe for more
This is soo great
I wrote the happiest video in the whole world cause I was watching the hills backwards (trust me it's scary) and if you don't know what the hills is it's a very good song search it up if you want to get scared though type the hills backwards
This video gave me tears of joy
Dawwwwwww
This video made me super depressed. Thanks a million.
I was once almost trampled to death by a herd of goats so yea.
Polite Conversation i really believe ya
Polite Conversation sure
when people ask y I'm vegetarian I just show them this
Im here after watching goodbye internet the saddest video on earth. Im warning you now to never watch that video
omg how could anybody not like this I literally need to tell all my friends and ad this on my playlist and all of that LOL
Me too
thanks, I really needed this
Septile
THX 4 VID!!! TOTTALLY HELPED ME. I GOT SO SCARED WATCHING MISS PERIGRINS HOME 4 PETICULAR CHILDREN! EVEN MY WALL STARTED SCARING ME.
I have a super soft spot for fluffy wuffy, cutey wutey, piggy pigs!!
AMAZING TO SEE LOVELY PPL TAKE CARE OF ANIMALS NEED HELP AND GET SEC CHANGS IN THE LIFE :)
Thanks to you, my day is even worse
When you're done watching walking dead season 7 episode 1 and need happinesss
so cute
This is why I'm glad I don't eat goat or rabbit and the only pork I eat is bacon
24 people are crap heads
Needed a happy fix and got it!
I feel bad for eating bacon
I agree. This is why we have veggies. But unfortunately we need protein. I love baby pigs but people don't see that there not just food. They feel the same pain, stress, and feelings like we do.
aww im so happy
This video made me hungry O.o
You're trying to make me happy? Challenge excepted.
The car is on fire, and there's no driver at the wheel
And the sewers are all muddied with a thousand lonely suicides
And a dark wind blows 
The government is corrupt
And we're on so many drugs
With the radio on and the curtains drawn 
We're trapped in the belly of this horrible machine
And the machine is bleeding to death 
The sun has fallen down
And the billboards are all leering
And the flags are all dead at the top of their poles
came here before looking up who Charlie Charlie was..Thanks! This was adorable! Love the goats, pigs, and bunnies! 
I was watching something so sad and this has brightened up my life........I'm tearing up
at 1:44 is a dog in a red sweater at the base of the tree. this looks exactly like our tina! she lived t be 17 years old!
I downloaded a game that is about hacking and a unknown cellphone number just called me, its fucking midnight. The first video i see on my feed is "dead by daylight" now I'm legitimately fucking scared and now im here
this helps a little
if u are reading look back at the 2nd word then it is the best person in the world
I'm here cause I just a mailbox with my golf cart and I'm still crying only God can help me rn
good afternoon!
I am in love with the music at 0:36 can you tell me what the song is called so I can listen to it???
Omg so cute
You know who is the Best friend in the World?
Read the first word
You're Welcome
Kaitlyn Lang and after that we knew Torracat died
Sun' FF i didnt even want to read this comment but my eyes forced me to i knew what it said just by looking at the first 2 words ive seen literally 63 of these comments. On every video i watch i see one i understand people are trying to help YT but this is getting ridiculous
Sun' FF  Guess who the  better and nicer one is 
1:06 Can we take a moment to talk about the fact that that pig is blowing bubbles in the mud?
man i really wanna kill myself. what should i do?
Eyyyy me too!
@Bettie Moeckel ok. thank you for the helpful incite. i now do not want to commit suicide.
so fucking happy to be vegan. i could never hurt such lovely creatures
Have a dislike, sir.
I  cam to this video after watching 3 hours of columbine massacre. ..
Watched wake me up when September ends this makes me happy
I came here from a video talking about a man killing and directing children
Creep.
Dissecting*
came here after bud dwyer live suicide...
my dad beats me
I came here from watching the scariest sh*t !!!!! aaahhhh. anyone else?
The royalty free music is real
Spent 6 hours working homework, decided to see this afterwards.
 Made me happy
Thanks for the video!! :)
By the way, what song is playing in it?
Anyone else came here from saddest soccer deaths?
All I want to know is why people disliked this. Please explain why. Please.
mmmm Bacon
Wow people dislike this
just came here from watching Shane ouija board vids, this is helping me feel better
i have seen this video like 100000 times, is adorable *.*
This is not even making me feel better, not even a grin is coming out of me! Just
Just came here from watching the scariest videos on the Internet  but this is making me feel better 
I came here from crying, I watched someone talk about their dead snake and he cried and I cried. It was a lot
Dssvob AJ OMG SAME
Oh my god that is the exact same thing I am doing
When something sad happens to me I will always watch this video
that helped because i just watched a horror movie . why do people make those things/
+Dssvob AJ  same
Came from watching the top 15 scariest videos on the Internet 
ME TOO BUT I WATCHED A SHANE DAWSON VIDEO ABOUT BLACK EYE CHILDREN  IM SO SCARED
Had to do this after Running the Gauntlet. Jesus.
Los bebes son todos hermosos, y en los animales pasa igual. Es una gran belleza de vdeo. Muchas gracias.
I was totally like omg this is gonna be lame, but I found myself with tears of joy at the end and not even knowing it! Anyone else.. Am I just weird...? Okay...
I really want to donate some money to them but I can't:(
A bit too awesome. Especially the goats, sheep, pigs, rabbits!
Not only are all these animals smart, emotional like people, innocent and so much more fun and rewarding to care for than to eat...but countless peer reviewed medical and nutritional studies have concluded meat and dairy is not healthy for humans.   The president of the US College of Cardiology Dr. Kim Williams is vegan.   He says a vegan improved his health and reduced his bad cholesterol (LDL) as well as his blood pressure.   Studies conclude vegans live longer than people whom consume meat and dairy with less heart disease, strokes, various kinds of cancer and bone fractures to name just a few.
Many global elite athletes are vegan too.   ie. Super strong Patrik Baboumian whom has won countless global weightlifting awards and is Germany's strongest man is vegan and he is huge.   Serena Williams whom is clearly in stellar health, is the top female tennis player globally is vegan, actually she says largely raw food vegan.   She also says in interviews that her vegan diet has improved her stamina  and mental focus.   I work in business and marketing, I always check facts verses marketing "stories, spin.." not based on creditable research.   It is the meat and dairy industry continuing to perpetuate that meat and dairy are healthy but they are not, based on credible studies and population studies.    
There are countless delicious and nutritious vegan recipes online for people to get ideas.    Dr. Caldwell Esselsyn another top US cardiologist is vegan and he made the movie along with others called Forks Over Knives.    People can watch it on youtube wow, you will never heart disease causing meat again after watching it.
I hit the read more button and said no
EVERYTHING  IS SO CUTE  
And then they ate them up
where is soda pop??
Needs more bunny footage.
Sooo Nice!
Here after watching @Mr. Nightmare videos for a couple hours in the dark... Why did I do that...
ahhh! that's better
Thanks, it's pretty late, and I just watched Obey the Walrus.
im so happy to have seen this
Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute
THE CUTEST AND WONDERFUL VIDEO MADE MY DAY. NOW I WATCG WATCH IT EVERY DAU DAY.
NEVER eating meat again
Can't stop watching this! What is the title of background music? :)
So nice...this is so motivating me to go volunteer for a local foster home near by. IMA DO IT!
I want to live there :(
omg i wanna cry !! i love them all :D
would love to be there, hug them, feed them <3
que vdeo tan emocionante
muchas gracias !
How much money we spent on toys of war by now we could have "Replicators", machine to produce meat and other food and there are billions of planets I bet lots of those are Earth like so we could relocate surplus of animals there instead of killing it and relocate our self out in other planets to prevent overpopulation on Earth, Yeah! I know some of you will say how I have wild imagination but remember Star Trek and communicators prelude to cell phones we have today, matter of fact Star Trek communicators look primitive when you compare to I phones and Android phones today, so let quit wasting money and knowledge on stupidity and start doing something for good of all of us people and animals and plants as well.
Muita fofurice reunida 
Como eu AMO ... 
most awesome..
This always makes me feel better. I want the pigs in the basket.
Now I'm HAPPY too! :-D
"If we could live happy and healthy lives without harming others... why wouldn't we?" Good question, probably has something to do with not worrying where your next meal is coming from and possibly from not worrying about becoming someone else's meal.
How very precious , this is awesome. Their happiness is so cool and REAL.
Does anybody know what the song is called? 
So cute~~~~~~~
yummy!!
WOW! Thank you Edgars Mission for creating such a beautiful happy Vegan world!
Happy and healthy lives are boring. Danger and adventure require trading happiness and health, and that's what many people prefer.
If this doesn't put a smile in your heart, you must not have one.
@Tm Phanlc no mt bt ci ny ln coi :*
this food is so cute!
OMG they are so cute! I've never seen such happy bacon in my life.
This is too adorable! Playing on repeat
too cute u are amazing,,
thats cute
the boring Happiness stuff
Sia brought me here :)
So all of these animals are pretty much being raised for food.. kinda takes the cute out of it. 
No, this is a sanctuary! "Edgar's Mission is currently providing life-long care to over 150 animals who have been neglected, abused and discarded by farming industries."
This is a great video.
Il paradiso? Esiste!
#animali,  #animalia
This is beyond words. Almost surreal. Makes me wanna commit suicide living in a world where we slaughter daily innocent beings like cows, pigs and goats. We humans are the devil and animals are the innocent souls that we torment.
I'd like to ask can I upload the video on my channel and putting you links in the description?
OMFG i hate these asswipes that come and comment dumb shit on positive videos just cause they clearly have no fucking life and feel the need to get attention, like just grow the fuck up and start using some logic. I'm talking bout you Venom Snake, get educated.
mmmmmmmhhh those lambs will make good food in a few years
Alexander Hellene i dont think she is now go away
@Abby Mac Donald U trolling?
Alexander Hellene  i came here to be happy not listen to u be a debbie downer and hear your plot against the goverment so go away
Target practice
Love this!
Paradise :)
And we can, so we do 1:40. Vegan that is. You people are as awesome as those animals, and that's a lot of awesomeness.
Hall of FAME :)))
The title doesn't lie. :D
This could possibly the best video I have ever seen!!  I didn't think there was anything cuter than baby goats and pigs, but baby anything in little coats just takes the cake.
Its 2020 now and this is cheating me up
happy birthday and many more to you
Hey random person scrolling through the comments i wish you a happy 2020 and a beutiful day 
This music is amazing I like to play it in the morning 
Happy 2020 like here
2020?
Thanks
This is the first day of 2020.
To everyone right there, may this be the start of everything that you once wished for. May 2020 brings out the best version of yourself.
May 2020 be the most successful and happiest year of your life..
God Bless,
Was listening to the piano, thinking that it would relax me but only got me sad. So I'm listening to this. Yeah, that's better
I added this comment cause the number was cursed ;-;
I'm happy 
Thank you
My baby cockatiel loves this song
My brother oh flatlined he came back to life!!!!!!
Its my birthday today!!!
Josh Gaming thank you! You too 
happy birthday! and merry Christmas :D
boldog ujj evet erot es egeseget ki vanok mindekinek
Dobro jutro
I am very slow to wake up in the mornings. Music like this stimulates my mind and nervous system. I play it while I get ready for the day. It works!
People who listening this you are my kind people i wish I have a more friends like you!
What the hell everyone is disturbingly cheerful
I might not know who you are but I just want to say that you are beautiful!
Even though I know I dont know you but everyone in the world is pretty even if everyone agrees that your ugly it matters in the inside and whoever said that is probably jealous so.... just want to say you are beautiful!
You made me so happy I will you,s this very day for school 
I really can feel the music is very calming and makes you happy, best music for the best day.
love it
always look forward to it when i need music
Thank you so much for the song !!!
I just watched somebody's eye get lazered then destroyed. Shes dead.
@Pizza The VI yep
final destination movie?
i love it so much.
Today I got a Lego tree house but when I finished building it I accidentally fell on it and it smashed. I was sooo sad and this music made me happy!( :
May you have a happy year!
need this to keep me happy about stuDYING. thx for the upload ^w^
Could listen to this all day! 
Head Up - Keep on keepin on !!
I was sad after my friend treated me in a "different" way. This really cheered me up! Thanks so much!
It's such good healing music! :) 
the first is the best in my opinyon
that makes me so HAPPY and makes me feel good! p.s. im a kid
It's such nice music isn't it! 
Used this as a backing track to a fake Chloroform ad!
Im really calm now thanks  
It's so calming and beautiful! 
My bus just broke down on it's way to school!
So good
I played this during a team death match in COD
I love this music!!!
Thanks, I played this while my cousins were fighting. It really fit the mood!
Thank you
dude thanck u for everything im cheerful as heck have one as well :>
Lol ayone just has this full time playing while doing stuff on computer? lol
Who else watching this because there doing their homework and really stressed?
Smiles for me, Finally! 
Thank you.
Whoever you are, wherever you are, I hope you have a wonderful morning/day/ night.  If youre doing homework, work or anything else boring, just remember to smile and think about why youre doing what youre doing. Example: school will help you get an amazing job as long as you work hard  sometimes, bravery means laying down your life for something greater or even having the courage to live another day. If your at rock bottom, remember the only way left to go is up and you cant be brave without being scared. Happy day! 
CetaceanRei Thank you! It makes me happy to know that I made someone else happy
I really needed that motivation thank youuuuu. I recently started online school and sometimes I just sit there staring at my work and don't feel like doing anything whatsoever.
amazing music to play this morning,,,,ukulele---the best summer music we know....
This music has taken my situation about someone likes me good music
Without this music I would be in millions of detentions this helped do my homework  thx so much 
I like to play this when I am scared
I was putting my clothes away and they fell and I got so mad but now this made me smile
I got my first like by a yutuber yay
Who is doing homework and listening? This makes me smile
I liked my own comment
i really need this now thank you :)
I love this song Thank you
I got a horror movie ad before watching this LOL
Het is zo happy en mooi
Depression: Why do I hear Boss music?
Exactly...
anyone else here because there therapist told them to listen to happy music when your sad .. no ..?  just me .. k .. :(
Hey random person scrolling through comments, i hope you have a cheerful day/night!
When I was watching a horror movie my friend got scared and stopped the movie and put this on 
i love this type of fresh start music :):):)
This saved me from my depression holy shit I was so sad everyday I got bullied for taking woodshop, they would say hey wood boy or go white boy go, all these mean comments go away when I listen to this remix of lofi hiphop beats to fall asleep to and happy music. If you guys wouldn't mind I'm a upcoming 17 year old musician from Puerto rico and I make tik tok. My tik tok @ is  @niggasbeniggas:,) pls pls pls follow I would love to be happy but I cant without you
Smash like if you committed tax fraud and committed mass shootings in America.
i listen to this music while im cooking and baking some cake.. totally make me less tired ! love it
Hey YOU!
YES YOU SCROLLING DOWN THE COMMENTS...
I'M HAVING A DAY FULL OF  BUT YOU  ED  AND I SUDDENLY FELT.SO JUST KNOW YOU ARE A  TO MY  Y DAY. YOU
Thanks
No doesnt work
You saved my life! I was watching titanic and the sad music started I  was almost crying but its the happy music that saved my life tank you soo much 
I feel better. Thank you for this playlist.
15:54
I loooove this music! Im totally using this for my school baking project! Thx for making this! 
I had a college lecturer who thought he was better and cleverer than most if he was so good why was he so unhappy???
My cat was bored so I decided to play with her, but she didn't want to play. I wanted to make it a bit more funner with cheerful music, I put this on full volume & she started being playful! :)
Happy sounds in the morning!!!
If this cant make you happy  then I really feel sorry for u and I dunno  what can make u happy  to be honest, have a lovely  day ppl! 
Happy days to all.
Music brings me happiness .
Makes me happy inside regardless of my outside imperfections
Hope everyone listens
This song is so cute 
this song is good but
JK lol i love this song i even huge me brother for the first time :D
When school burned down.
Cayde -6 
I'm so happy i'm rolling of my bed
Happy song
[ happiness noise ]
1:29:30
How can i download it? 
I love this song Thank you !
I think it's  a lovely  happy  song
love it dosent make me fell alone when at night :D
i had a very bad day at school today and this made me feel better 
u a fan of ariana gande?
Goooooood morning world..... hope we all have a wonderful day, with smile and good luck being with us all day long....
it just so happy and when i am at my house in a bad day at work it makes my day
always when my mother says to not put rock music I always put this one!!!
Today I am very happy thanks for this instrument music
Me my brother and my cousin were watching a scary vid and then a box fell and i searched happy music and this poped up it made me feel better
I am playing a horror game whale listening to this!!
lol whale
Stay happy in this world full of troubles drink a lot of water and breathe, remind yourself you're awesome and thank you for being alive you mean more than you know, keep going!!!!!!!!
I just love happy music like this
Girlfriend broke up with me I needed this
Im just tryna sleep but i mean i cant stop smiling so keep smiling yall
I like it that song cool
This is great
I wish it wasn't copyrighted...
Aloha from  Lanai,
Just got done playing a horror game cx Feeling better already
You must be very desperate to search for a video like this. I am too.
Lets go through this together! No fight, no glory!
My wife was feeling depressed and she perked up after I started playing this for her. Thanks.
1:30 min music whats the name??
Amazing.... 
Listen and become happy
I was really stressed  trying to do my homework , but then I listened to this and it really calmed me down. Thank you !!
My cat died this morning and now my other cat is depressed so Im trying to uplift her spirit. That was her first cat friend. Any tips or advice please lmk what to do to take away her depression.
I was having a really good day but after listening to this I feel the worst I've felt in months :(
i prey to god to try and make me happy as i can possibly be everyday again and treat everyone as kind as can be really good. and if grandpa , if you can hear me in heaven, i might need your help too. i love you grandpa emerson.
Fun fact did you know youre happy music makes me want to die even more fun how cringing it is
This put a smile on my face e
Yee i  have a gf
This song reminds me how much fun me and my cousin had until he had to go :((
this picture has the sun add in photoshop.. The lights from the real sun is in front of the trunk, behind the false light.. also in the grass.. with a different angle.. : )
How are you feeling?
Deppressed.
What happened?
My best friend ever since before grade school freaked out and started hating me, called me 'Goth ass bitch,' and 'slut'
I don't know.
Will it be OK? 
I don't know.
Are you OK?
nice song i like it soooooooooo mmmmmuuuuuucccccchhhhhh
Ahh this is nice and happy!!!
I really love this music. This makes me dance.  Thank you very much! I really enjoyed beautiful and healing music without interruptions. 
Have a happy day! :)
TY FOR MAKING THIS IDK WHY I WAS LOOKING SCARY STUFF IN 3AM AND JUST WATCH THIS TO CLEAR MY HEAD IM SO THANKFUL FOR THIS.
I  was sad bc all my freinds in robox where not playing a lot of them never play i was feeling sad so i search ''happy song'' And clicked on this one i FELT SO sad and NOW happy good job making this magical song!
Thx you helped me
Thank you so much for this. Have a nice day Just Like mine.
Wakin up on December 7 1941 like...
Thank You.
"solutions found" this music saved me $$.. I spent a week listening to this during..  a 1 hour commute. one unsuspecting day i ran into an officer who alarmed me suddenly, asked me to display my ride. i had to pull the earplugs with this song off... Since I dont have my ticket for the bus, $$$$ fine.. this music made me so positive, i was upset annoyed, but then I just suddenly KNEW what to do. While he has my ID, and is writing his ticket to give to unwilling me... I went for the ticket booth, and bought myself a ride ticket!! "Here, i have my ticket!" i say.. he still did not finish writing the ticket, and now was pretty upset that I did that. But, I could not help it, the music helped me with a solution and I just went for it!! thanks to the positive vibe, helps us to be smarter!
Whos here 2019 september?
October.. Have a nice day!!
October!
October
October
ASMR Svolikaka October
I was watching too many suicide videos so I came here to create balance in my life
Hi good morning  i love the Day so much 
everyone saying it worked and im over here crying
Sub to me to be Cool for the Day
I miss you song forever! but I can used during the daydreaming mind forever!
I felt dumb for feeling so depressed that I had to look up happy music but miraculously it worked and I regret nothing 
When there is person like me having no friends n courage to face this  world it's better to happy alone
28:09
28:07
Your neck is not a shirt so dont hang it                  your skin is not paper so dont cut it your heart is not a door so dont lock it                            Your life is not a film so dont end it                              Just Be Happier
I love this!! The music is so... happy and it just makes me happy as well.
I'm helping baby crying at YMCA stopped crying! Ooooya
Really amazing Thanks a lot 
i listen to this while a play horror games
this is very good!!!!!!
Nice vid
Summer cheer me up, you cheer me up, I like HAPPY Music.
1.3k people dislike happy music accurately described in the title of this video... Goes to show you can't please everybody in life, so you may as well live a life that makes you HAPPY! :) Have a glorious day! <3
My first boyfriend just broke up with me , feels great man.
EXCELENTES MELODAS GRACIAS BELLISIMAS!!!!!!
Hey beautiful person :) I hope you have a great day!
This Music Makes Me Really Happy When I'm Feeling Sadness, It Also Helps Me Stay Focus On Editing And Doing My Favorite Crafts.
This is the kind of music you find as ringtones in your new phone.
I've been bombarded with anxiety all week so I decided to search up some happy music. This song is so bubbly, I love it! Thank you for the amazing music!!
This my fav video 
THANK you
came here after watching a shane dawson video.... I'm a baby
Im so happy listening to this its so realaxing tomorrow!
I didn't expect this to help me feel better but it did. I just had a falling out with a friend so I wanted something to cheer me up a little and this did
I played this during my bday party yesterday. !! love it
I really needed some happy music xD
I wrote a song to this.....
it is joyful
im playing this while playing minecraft so i dont hear the cave sounds
I had to find some music to make me happy. I was depressed about missing Japan and I couldn't help myself crying. What I think that made me cry about it was the time I was at the top of Tokyo Tower with my dad and little bro. The rest went to a temple tour. It was complete and I almost cried, but I wiped it off quickly or held my tears. After the entire summer 2019, I still think about Japan, but it makes me sad about it. At home one day, I expressed how I felt about Japan and my dad supported me. After the talk, I decide to listen to this. That's why I found this video.
Im listening to this because Im watching a scary movie.. but I listen to this when Im sad too! :D
Its my little siss b-day! One like equals one b-day hug for her. August 8.
:o happy birthday random guy's little sis!
@Unfunctional Sunflower my b-day is the 8th of august too! :D
Happy late birth
My birthday is on the 8th august too
her birthday is on the first day of school
Thank you for the amazing music.Have a nice day
Ok. Whenever I get at a scary scene in BATIM I turn this on. Dont judge me !
Is it on Netflix?
I olise start bifor bad
Before:ugh I'm bored
Now: *dances
After:*plays again
Amazing it helped me relax
*GULAGS*
The soviet union use gulags to slave captured soldirers and pepole that say fucc you soviet union if you do not do anything or not following orders you will get brutally executed
Happy
I listened to this while playing a horror game with my sister.
*What have I done*
Its not my birthday but happy bday to me!!
Plzz make video on height
too..much...happiness...for meee   x_x
Im playing this, not because Im sad but because Im going through pain physically, it is helping! :)
Am sick and the medicine makes my stomach hurt :< so I feel for you bro. I hope you get better! 
Thanks I was watching a scary thing and it cheered me up to smile
Lol I watch the whole vid and my mom is mad cuz I said NO IM WATCHING A TWO HOUR VIDEO!
Oh shit, wrong website. I must have accidentally clicked on Kickstarter
superb 
Happy Music. Thank you.
Who watching in 2020?
I had to find some happy uplifting music because I just listened to sunset lover and it got me in the feels
i came here feeling upset, started scrolling through the comments, and started to smile, thank you all for saying kind things, i really love kind people and thank you all! All of you are blessed, this video deserves no dislikes, because everyone here is kind! It doesn't matter what happens because all of you guys are by other people's sides, and all you guys care about is making each other happy, you guys deserve  awards for being kind and brightening up other people's days, thank you all and you are blessed! I was so upset before scrolling through the comments I wouldn't even eat! But now I can eat in peace and happiness, thank you all. -SCtrojanGrl
Thanks for the likes! :)
I was feeling down cause tomorrows monday, but this made me feel a bit better 
Ah its finally weekends
I couldn't go to sleep and this helped me it's amazing
Thanks for helping
Me at the middle of the night trying to go to the bathroom
I get scared at night cause I stay up late and I'm afraid that I'm gonna die in my sleep and leaving this music on helps me sleep really well  and when I wake up I know I went through the night and I didn't die in my sleep so I'm so thankful for this video! 
I used this for my snow cone stand and everyone seemed happy! Thanks so much!!! 
This music just made my day and btw I subscribed 
Listening to this just makes me feel so happy and think about everything good
I feel calm and happy thankss 
I'm reading a depressing af book right now and this really helps me
I use this with scary games lmao
Lounge Music knows what  creates a signature smile-- good  exercise music to  get your  endorphins hip hopping happy to help  you have the  best day out  of   all the  bugs that like you especially  around cooking food  over  a fire
Lounge Music really are talented before they  were born and now a  good  career that's  perfect for them
This song is the loveliest
It's Play so nice rhyme . It's makes me more happy and energetic
Hi person scrolling through comments I hope you're happy! Cuz i am :-)
Beautiful day
life sucks but pepole like thiscan change that
I listen to this when I play fnaf help wanted
I listen to this music over scary videos and it makes it so much better hahaha just a little tip
I listen to it when I play fnaf help wanted
Just a little break from Joyner and Hopsin
Thankyou.........
Thanks, nice day to relax the mind n heart. Sounds good n light, best elegant soothing music tune. Very refreshing and relaxing, joyous and happy to listen, best for stress relief n relaxation. Amazing piece for all! Infinite love!
I believe the ukulele is a happy instrument!!!
Good Job.
You are enough. I support you. 
Here's my crazy story-I played this in my garden and was trying to do a walkover. I've been trying for years. This music made me super pumped and I did it!! It made me happy! 
Today I feel mad like really mad but listening to this is coming and I feel happier 
I listen to this while reading a creepypasta
Every morning I put  on this music and always have a good day :) thanks for giving wonderful music to listen to
Muy bonita msica , alegre y no cansa, para fondo o para hacer ejercicio en casa, genial.
Happy days are yet to come
yay its summer! :D
Anyone 2019? Have a wonderful Happy day!
>^.^<
I AM! I HOPE YOU HAVE AN EVEN BETTER DAY!!!
you searched up happy music too didnt you?
The only reason that I do this is to get distracted from jumpscares in a horror game that I am playing! Hahaaaaaaaa.... (Im a coward)
I'm walking around the creepiest part of a backrooms game and yet this music still keeps my sanity
Playing Slenderman with this in the background lmao
Beautiful day today, bless you all. :) stay positive
fuck sakes I'm putting this on as background music while watching scary videos at 3am
I actually have repulsive depression and I literally typed happy music and I got here ...
@Muffers 1 Why are you talking like I am depressed?
I never said there's a cure for depression, I just said music won't cure it. I actually had depression. Was diagnosed, didn't want help, tried to kill my self, failed, finally accepted help. It's been a lot better after talking with a psychiatrist. But honestly you might have a point saying "it always seems to come back". I never really thought about it that way. Sometimes my day is ruined just because I think of past mistakes or events. I thought I was just being weak or overdramatic, but maybe not.
Emil  nope it wont
Music isn't going to cure your depression though
This song helps me get through watching two little girls all day almost every day (they are crazy but this puts them in a good mood and sometimes puts them a sleep)
              
my turtle just died so im trying to just listen to happy music and this helped thx
30:20
Feels like a TV commercial sound :|
This make me sad for some reason, i've never really been happy.
i played this music to my child when i told him his granddad had just died 
thank you lounge music he is so happy now 
Im sad and i feel lonely but   this made my day 
Cool ssssssssooooooooonnnnnnnnngggggghhg
This is the best music i love this.......best best best
Such a delightful compilation A happy musical start of a beautiful new day Thank you very much 
it makes me even sadder when i think how much fun my friends are havin now and i am just standing here,doing nothing.
.v. fun
Who's depressed as hell and trying to make themselves happy
Me and I looked up happy music and found this. Now its making me angry
@john Petrosyan thanks this adorable I am happy that you are adorable and yeah I am now going frequently to a psy
@Dania sparkle I had severe depression and anxiety for years.  til one day I was like I'm done feeling this way. walked in doctors and got pills. I have NEVER felt better.  only took a week or two to see big changes. go to a doctor rn!
Hey you spread my heart thankyou have a good day <3
This is exactly what I wanted to hear right now! I had to go through so many descriptions to eventually get to this lol!
Anybody know what the first song is called? 
This is my go to happy music. Thanks it's perfect.
this song can ezy over power my annexed! thx  Lounge music.
Anyone else came to this music to stop crying? Or is it just me
i'm in a tornado right now (yay oklahoma) this is helping me, my friend,my little sister,her friend my 2 corgis, and my parents 
Bless this person
@elijah francis Thanks 
Were all safe but some othwr people weren't so lucky
17:08 pentatonix lol not
Remember, were going to die, were all going to the same place, might as well enjoy life!
I like 57:15
Am i the only one who put this music in because their baby brother and baby sister are crying and they wont stop?......help me
I don't know why but this music puts a smile on my face for no reason. Thanks guys.
Umm.........I don't know what to say. Everyone said everything I wanted to say.
But, anyway God bless you
 everyone! Have a nice day/night XD
Well tomorrow is the last day of school and Im really sad so this cheered me up a bit 
I'm crying...so I'm watching this to feel better...
I'm trying to be more positive and just relax a bit and stay more calm and this is helping!
Woooooooow I feel happy
I needed this after that fucking finale.
Im still sad about that worm I liked that got stepped on
After seeing the dark side of YouTube I need this.
I woke up really tired and mad I had school but this song made me realize to be greatful in life. I am now in tears 
Every time you feel my anxiety I play this music and I feel so much better!
I love your songs so much!!! I listen to it every morning!!!! And now is morning so Im listing to it right now! My parents like your songs too!!
Relaxing music!
Love this!
I used this music to write a song for mothers day it worked perfectly! Thanks for giving me this opportunity; I love the music! <3 <3
Time after time I  listened to the whole song while working
 Good music
listening to this while playing a violent action game..ALRIGHT.
You're loved.
T m triste, em vez de msicas sads talvez umas msicas felizes ajudem
Happy music 
this made me feel amazing
Anyone else type in happy music and click the first thing after watching something scary lmao
My school thinks i'm suicidal, and its kinda funny. they litterly just don't know me at home lol.
A strom is happend  i was listening to it and it made me less scared
Ahhhhhhh nice calm music
I have a funeral over a few mins but im going in with a better feeling bcs of this thanks!
My teacher uses this music all morning and afternoon
I listen to this all the time!! Soo good
Hello person reading this comment :D have a wonderful day!
thanks for this xx
When you have to play this after flipping your lightswitch off to reach your bed in the dark.
Cutie Bug that made me laugh out loud and now my parents think im crazy 
I love this song very much; today i have a text and this song make me feel happy and help me to learn quick. thanks you very mach     love you     and today is my birthday(:
National aerobics theme. Thank me later
I GONNA DO IT IN GACHA LIFE TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!
Who else is playing this to block out the monster under ur bed?
Jk lol
1 like and the "monster" disappears into the world of non-existentness. Thats apparantly a word.
I like 57:15
I  made   a song 
Thanks so much I almost died
Be happy, be the sunflower blooming in our eyes, be the one.
My sis and my mom was arguing now my sis is leaving so I didnt know what to do so I just did this, I hope to god she comes back
For the thumb nail you put mr. Smiley 
I love those books
I have evry one of them
Lmao Im trying to over power teh sound of the horror movie that my mum and sis are watching in the lounge xd
If you want some vibes in the morning, listen to "Glorious" by Macklemore. Trust me, it works all right
This song made me so Happy i almost liked all these comments!
Hope you have a Nice day! ^_^
I like that i can have something to listen to while doing school thats entertaining relaxing and fun!!!:) thx!!!
Great music!!!!!!! Cheered me up from depression
It got me up before than usual thanks I hope everyone have a great day anywhere you are going thanks again 
I played this when I playing a horror game and the vibe changed *completely.*
why playing horror games?
As soon as I played this my cat came downstairs to enjoy.
That's heart warming but same
Some strange sounds in my house.that is the reason i play this music.
Raise the vibrations.
Music heals.
Listen to it when you're doing  choirs. It makes you happy not bored. The one thing that cheers you up is music!
1:33:56 my favourite music
I love your happy songs!! Im listening to it right now!!! :D
You make the best happy music songs!!!
I love your songs!!
it was okay
Brightside has entered the chat
I was feeling like the big sad was right around the corner so as usual I put on some melancholy sad music. Then I was like "actually nah", and came here and now I feel happy. Thank you <3
i love this!
this is real nice. Happy happy happy all the way!
Love this.
22:05 
This is definitely a boost out of lethargy and depression!
What a wonderful relief! Everything up until now that I have tried to study with has not made me study but just made we want to cry. This is so much better and upbeat.
COOLEST SONG EVER
Omg gorgeous! Just subscribed!
This make me so positive! Have a good day
All the happy comments make the music a lot happier
I wake up and listen to 15 minutes of this... fresh start to the day!
There's some lag at 45:34
Thanks for the music I can put in a gacha life vid 
I'm in bed and I can't bend my leg it hurts when I bend it
I lissined for like three seconds and i already love it! :)
So that's where the 5 min tutorials music come from
Just came from some scary stuff
Coraline Didn't Escape video
Lavendar Town
N's Lullaby
I'm feeling better already--
Needs motivation *lisens to song* THANK YOU UUUUU it's Monday and I plan on trying my best!
Hey good morning world xxx
I Was Sad When I Got Scammed But I Listened To This And It Made My Day A Whole Lot Better!. Thanks
Im listening to this while cleaning.
My mom is giving birth right now and this music makes me feel so happy and that everything turns out good
Congrats!
This got rid of alot of my bad thoughts
*When you get an ad about depression meds before the video*
Exactly...
I got one too
Happy is that people, whose God is the Lord. (Psalm 144:15)  : )
Niceee
This reminds me of the Poly Bridge sound track
I made a song with this :3
Wow it surprisingly made me laugh after being depressed for a half an hour Love this idk why
Hey you!! stop reading comments 
Go and enjoy the music
@SamuraiSlender :( rood
@kayla :O
ok but the music is playing while i read the comments-
Bruh this sucks
im gonna say no ;)
good background music when doing homework :)
2019 anyone?
 thanks  a LOT for this song 
I am here after hearing the death of Peter Oakley or getrietric1927
I cried and now i am better
Ahh, advert music.
Was listening to this while my parents were fighting and then I went out there with this music bass boosted and they stoped.theese songs are truly magical 
This is great study music!
great! it made my dog happy, me happy, my mom happy, AMAZING!
Hey! I hope you have a blessed day!
i put it to watch slenderman and muted the sound to put this!
This is like a spongebob soundtrack song :)
morning song hahahahahahahaha
i like this song
i am so happy
awsomme
When a person gets their son back and a bicth loses him
I was listening to slayer a minute ago and i figured maybe i should chill down for a bit.
I watched a really sad animation and I was bawling but it only took like 3 seconds and I feel so much better
That feeling when the school shooter walks in your class and about to shoot everyone in the class including you
Please like my comment
Thank-you , I had been having a bad day. :)
Majority of this video reminded me of sims (made me wanna play instead of continuing my studying )
This is awsome
I just subbed now!
This is sayoris BEATS M8
Neil DeGrasse Hawking Ill make sure it wont 
Sayori best girl
ah...... good to see the DDLC fanbase ain't dead yet
Tysm this helped me a lot studying for my test !!!! Great music 
great music for studying
needed this today
Thank you for sharing 
May your day consist of everything good! I started with my daily puppy hug and nothing beats that.... stay smiling!!!!
Lovely 
ty for the heart!
Hey, does someone know title of the first 2min song?
My favorite song at the beginning like from ROBLOX!!!!!!
Truly Happy music ...uplifts the mood instantly ...love n light for the composer of the music,
You are the best
this made me sadder.
Es una de las que ms me gusta.
i feel like i wanna eat a cookie
Watched a spirit video, and i'm afraid of the voices, i don't know what will happen to me, but i think this video helps..
I don't know what will happen i'm also afraid of what will happen!
Yay!!! 
How good is the music starting at 15min mark!
Solo *busco la felicidad*
1:03:35
Very relaxing
My mind is in a crazy place rn but as you can see Im trying and from here Ill keep working hard to succeed
until 22 mins I found myself laughing and dancing for no reason! 
I forgot that i ws sad
This music is awesome to get u in a cheerful mood!
Best music ever and made school much more. Easy
this is my 8th time listening to this!
I just want to say thank you to all the people who left nice comments on here, you made me feel a lot better! Have a great day!
Love playing this happy music in my 2nd grade classroom
Today I chose to be positive despite feeling negative. Honestly, I hated the first song but I stayed. And U kno what? A couple minutes in and I'm actually in a much better mood.
yo wasup
i got my mock staar teat relsults and got a 20
 so i put this song on
Who else is using this for audio
Welp I still feel like shit.
Best music ever
This reminds me of ||-//
I used this to a horror video
This seemed sad music to me, is there something wrong with me.
i like the music bc  its nice
I was hopeless for the exam. I couldn't sleep and I needed to motivate myself, but I didn't know what I suppose to do. I found this and laughed on myself and I was like "oh reaally dude? are you going to listen happy music lol" but I started to read while this music was playing. Next day I passed the exam :D
I am a wiman
Hi hichi
My favorite song I'm cleo Massey aka shobe
Thank you! This  music helped me for my Gacha vid :).
Im ur fan I subscribed for u
Hey stranger i hope you have a wonderful day or night 
I'm literally listening to this while doing my school and this made it actually fun! Thanks so much! And whoever is reading this comment, let me just say to you.....HAVE AN AWESOME DAY! :)
I'm listening while cleaning my room because I hate cleaning it but this just made me feel like it was kind of like background music in a YouTube video so I started being the host of a room cleaning video and this made me feel a lot better! I know it's kind of random but still that's how this music works for me! 
I love this music. Exciting me to be positive.
IM SO FUCKKNG HIGH ON ACID, EVERYONE IS WONDERFUL AND FEELINGS ARE AMAZING 
Leave a like cuz i got a real big secret for y'all: im stupid
you really are
I love this music!! It's so positive
Have a nice time!
Every like i put 1 emoji(:)
Who on Earth could downthumb this?  Lighten up, people. You know who you are...
Welll..... I searched for ukulele chill 'cos I like the uke. Got lotsa lift music..... Moved on...... Came to this and actually liked it! Good on ya! Kept me happy and amused for ages trying to play along! 5 STARS!!!!!!!!!! Does "like" go to 6? Bloody well should do! You'd get 6....
I just saw mr happy at the thumbnail 
I heccing have that book at skool
Yaaaaay
great songs
Okay,I am watching this because i am watching a scary movie with my family and that movie is EKKK!
Well this reminds me a guy killing everyone and happy musics comes up.
I need a name!
I put this music on with my headphones on and used it to consonantrate on my 13-story tree house book
this is perfect when youre watching streams
Thanks for the happy music. I feel ~ 10x happier
HAPPY DAY YAY
What name frist music?
Have a GREAT DAY everyone!!!
I listen to this everyday in the morning it puts me in a good mood before school
WHY WOULD DISLIKE THIS. VIDEO
I'm always sad this is the only thing keeping me happy 
Put it on speed 0.25
i just love to see all the beautifull comments below + good music too. Too much hate on the internet and im happy to find this vid on youtube :)
The ad I got before this was a ad about dog and cat enslaving..
Im using this music for my dog who was feeling down, this music helped him instantly
This song seems to make me happier when I am not happy
this music is really good for doing homework!!!
will die
i was sad because iron man will in avengers end game but now i am happy thank you
I love this song I love dinosaurs too
Today is my birthday so I am ten hope u have a positive day and night love Saniyah
Thanks for the happy music!
Nice, thank you :)
mon ami elliot a rsucit ouais :)
no way en  sen calisse du sdf
mais seul truc un sdf est entrain de vicitmre sa camera
c'est fou
@tcpp mon ami tristan a reincarn en lui meme oauis
Ouasssisisissis je suis trop happy il est vivant est ce que je reve !!!!!
I was watching Godzilla when my mom said no Godzilla and I put this on and it calmed her down
Im just here because my mind keeps thinking about creepy stuff
i love how all gthe comments are so cheerful! 
I came here because of a song that made me cry.
My fiance left me a year ago (after 6 yrs). i'm drunk as fuck after a huge deprission high.  and just typed: happy music. 
i'm crying now. 
feel free to write me. could need it.
The first music is my friends skits  music
WHATS THE NAME OF THE FIRST SONG
I want to comment to be comment   Loved
Sucham tego tylko kiedy czuj si wymienicie! Kocham ta piosenka!
Love it
Lmao Im not listening to this because Im depressed. I just need some background music because Im watching a horror movie. Yeah. Im THAT type of person.
why does this remind me of jacks song by cave town a little
Here are some things I hope for humanity 
1. Happyness
2. Acceptance 
3. Joyfulness 
2019 anyone ?
May you have a happy year 
that was last year lol
*IT'S 2020 NOW!* 
2019 was really awful
Almost 2020 anyone?
Thx tou are so nice
Its a bright Sunday morning, the flowers are on the grass and trees. The light from the sun is shining through your blinds. You give a sigh of relief that you are in your summer holidays, and that theres no school/work tomorrow. You go and get a lovely breakfast, and throw a toy for your pet dog. Then you go and get ready for the day. Once your dressed and cleaned up, you step outside your house and sit on your sun bed, with your favourite book in your hands. There are children playing in the garden across from yours. They are so happy. You smile to yourself and read. Afterward, you make yourself some lunch, and you and your dog head off to the park. There are many people in this park. Young and old. Children and elderly. You can smell the fresh grass, while the sun is beaming on your face. Your dog is thoroughly enjoying the walk, and so are you. You cant wait to meet your sister and her children for the picnic! Speaking of that, here they are! They come with a basket wrapped in a blanket. You say hello to eachother and your sister lays out the food on the blanket. They food is lovely, and you and your sister chat while her kids and the dog plays. After a long while of playing, walking, singing, chatting and having a lot of fun, you all head off for dinner. You go to our favourite restaurant, and get a table for outside, so the dog can be near you and the sun is out. You get your favourite food! It was very tasty, but now its time to head home. You come to your estate, the children are now inside, but the happy vibes and the flowers on the trees and grass. There is still no school/work tomorrow. The sun is still shining. You step inside with your dog. What a lovely day. And Ill do it all over again tomorrow! You say to yourself and your dog. Your dog barks and you laugh. Everyone was happy. Your dog was happy. Your sister was happy. Your niece and nephew were happy. Those children were happy...
You are happy.
Let those three words bless everyone reading this, have a nice day!
how long did it take for you to write this haha ? so inspirational hope you and everyone has a great day
Honestly... my Sunday morning would be a LIIITTTLE different for me, considering I have church at, like, 9:00am 
This means a lot 
Made my day
Hello Everyone, I was feeling quite down at the moment. So i put this on, and it gave me joy! Also, remember that you are loved. No matter what situation you are in, don't let it get the best of you, You're an overcomer! God Bless You All!
Fuzzy29537 AJ th-thank you, I needed that
Gaming is my favorite thing to do when I have a ph in my life and I have a ph in my head and I have a ph in my back so yeah Im in a really hot place I can go yeah I have to do a lot and go do a ph in the dog park I got my mom did the boys want you at work so we are in town I can do a couple errands but why hello and yeah yeah you got it but you have no time no worries Ill talk tomorrow and see you soon I love to have a great day I you can I put it on the way and you see the kids in my office I have to do really really want free time I want you to go and do your homework or else I can put you on my mind and I have to go
Stay happy randome person :D
who ever disliked is soooooooooo crazy!
I have never felt so happy in my life
I love this music it lights up my day
So happy 1-u happy 
Thanks! My bird is very sick, and we are listening to this together to cheer up!
Who else plays this when playing horror games?!
I was watching creepy videos but now Im not scared :D
This helps me alot today with all I've been through
Can't stop listening!!
I'm watching on Christmas Day
I'm playing this as of now while I'm watching a very intense part of this horror movie I'm currently watching :)
I played this while watching a scary theories video, and it helped me ensure that I would get some sleep! I know, that's weird :P but thank you!
StuckOnAName SAME
I do this song in all my vidoes
Same 
Lol i put this on after i watched IT  
This is a great music to start a wanderfor day thanks Relaxing jazz
thank you Lounge Music for this happy music I have soo much homework to do but this music is helping me work faster :)!
Thank u for positive vibes
I like the song at 9:43
happy is so coolllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Can someone give me names of song???
It onois my brother
Where did you get the picture
I bet Adrev is on you ass like flies on shit.
Listening to this in a huge storm in Sydney Australia
Needed this after some shit
First thing in the morning...
When you're listening to this in the middle of December
I like this song its very joyful
Just played this through a death scene in a movie..
This is more also like summer music. Anyone 2019? And have a Merry Christmas to you all!
God sang
Quem a  brasileiro, vm conhecer meu canal  abraos
^O^wow
This does put a smile on my face :D
Infancy = This Song
Happiness = This Song
Making me feel better = This Song
Not making me feel depressed = This Song
Makes me go trough hard times in life = This Song
I hope you all have a great day/night <3
hotel = trivago
Ay August 20th
Than u
hey awesome person scrolling through the comments hope you have a wonderful day or night
name of the first song, please?
Love these type of videos! They make me feel like working!
Wow so nice i like this tysm for this!!! it helped me alot :D
im a very deperessed person from what people can tell so I searched up the happy time musics and then I saw this so I clicked and changed the speed to 1.25 and listened then I realized theres more to life than pollution and death so this made me realize that that poo dosent matter and its about enjoying life for as long as you can, thank you kind person for helping me see the light :D
Have a great day/night
I play this while killing people in a video game
existence is pain... life is pointless... oblivion is terrifying...
When you come for comments that start with whe. But there r none
i was watching a scary video and it was silent, so i went and got my phone and played this.
IM SOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY I LOVE IT IT MAKES ME WANT TO PLAY OUTSIDE ALL DAY <3
*waches sad music*
This is my life
*waches happy music*
I feel better
I came here from fortnite i got killd so i came here to not rage quit
this helps patch up the creppy horror game noises
Listening to this after reading the Cherry Fic. I regret everything.
Battling some pesky medical issues and this sure helps lighten the mood! Thanks kindly for taking the time to brighten the day!!!
loving it
Wow... Wat a music... So soothing n joyous, can make sad mood happy n focused
ayyyyyyy 4:06, thats where nigahiga got his tune for his video, " how to get views on Youtube" :D
whenever i watch scary movies i get really scared and dis music music helps me forget all the scary stuff i saw
Who else watched something scary and came here
i like this music so mauch
love it every time
Am I the only one listening to this when doing school!!!! Tell me Please!!
i feel happy:-)
This music will guarantee a happy day!
(^o^)
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG you are the best!!!
Morning sarks how ya feeling today
i finally found 12k people whoever i can love :')
Best music ever like if u agree
Did not realize that was nine months a go time flies
This music is amazing
this helped me get over intense negative mood swings
Was watching Michael Myers, but I'm home alone sooooo
I woke up this morning due to a terrifying dream. When I put on this music all of my worries flew out the window. Im now excited for the day!!!!!
Rebecca Fulton's Vlog Channel me too lets just say Im no longer athiest
I love this 
Im high while listening to this
yey yey yey yey yey day happy
This helped me get up this morning
How do you play this
Thank you for this joyous n uplifting music. 
*when nobody notices your fart in class and they blame it on your enemy*
I listen to this ignore my crippling depression
Touching :)
My teacher uses this music its really good
wish i could get teacher like yours.....have a great day comment readers
I Am Happy Now. 
YAY just what i need <3
Helped me focus while cleaning my room!
A lovely happy day!
u play robox?!!! i do!
Look at all those glad happy likes, I like it, and am happy I like it, and am happy.
Im watching this after listening to horror stories
oh gosh ;( the memories...0:39..
This is so nice and relaxing, thank you!
Play this if playing horror games
This encourages me to keep going and going on and reach my goals :D such a happy life!
My homework was to listen to ukulele music. I come on YouTube, and find this video. Its made my day so much more happier, and I hate homework . I hope all of you have a cheerful day/ night
i listen to this music evry Monday morning
thanks a bunch
Wish my friends would listen to these instead of their edgy and sad songs
But whatever make yourself feel even worse not my prob
This is a great music to start a wanderfor day thanks Relaxing jazz
I like that can you do more
Thanks For Cheering Me Up!
Whoever disliked this they need life alert
Some calm and relaxing music to get all those middle school hard stuff out my brain 
so do you think you make the great music <3 <3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your music is nice and so RELAXING and so calm and fun!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful day for everybody listening this music <3
Msica gostosa de ouvir
I needed to pull a plaster off and then i herd this som perfect timeing
4:05 How to get Views on YouTube by NigaHiga!!
Does any one else scroll through the comments
Human, you reading this just made my day!
You're welcome
Lounge Music is the best. I wonder if they like pugs?
I was terrified after watching Shane and now Im a little less paranoid! Thx so much 
Good for rainy days!
I feel great now!!!
I am a student in South Korea. I enjoy your music. I listen this while I study. Thank you very much!
I felt sick  today and now Im happy 
Thank you I subscribed
I had listened to this while watching a scary film 
Is very nice
Rubn Sebastin Rosales Luna Yes
Is a brank bro
this music is bad
so happy
this song makes me so happy
I lov
I love
I love h
I love ha
I love hap
I love happ
I love happy
I love happy m
I love happy mu
I love happy mus
I love happy musi
I love happy music
I love happy musi
I love happy mus
I love happy mu
I love happy m
I love happy
I love happ
I love hap
I love ha
I love h
I love
I lov
i felt so scared so i searched up happy music and i got happy i subscribe and turned on the bell i was so happy
I  love the  movie .
thanks nice muisc but im still sad
Hello... Good morning...
Positive vibes brothas and sistas!
This is the music I use to be happy
This helps me sleep, gives me inspiration When Im writing Storys, And it also helps Me When Im Doing Homework I Do It Like In 10 Mins 
I wish it had a good time
Wow I love it and I miss it lol
I am wait
Hi hello good morning .. my mobil namar 919336970317
I love it
I love the first one!
Love the music
Be happy
I just googled Happy Music and this collection hit the spot!
the first song makes me feel sad
I wish too who is listening to this the best and awesome weekend 
Is this how I fix my cat
I'm gonna make a song about middle school to this
I smiled when i first heard it :)
Me too! :3
Wow this really works! !!!!!!'
Really good,,, relaxing
So Cool 
My heart beats to the happy tunes . Very refreshing. SUNDANCE 
Im still happy please forgive me
Sorry lounge but if this hurts you your music is kinda sad for me but happy I feel happy and sad the same time please forgive me if I hurt you but if you like this comment that means you forgive me when you dont that means you dont so please forgive me...
Magic tiles game music
this music is cool for summer great day thank you
yay happy music
I have read that the first hour and the last hour of the day is sooo important to your mental health, calm your mind and take the time to heal from the day! Be grateful and count your blessings! Namaste
sorry it just doesnt help me cause my best mate stoll my girl friend sorry i dont want any hate cause it didnt make me happy its just the truth i loved my girlfriend and my mate just stoll her from me :(
haha i watched all avengers die while listening to this
i love this!
Strees free so good Thanks you very much
Thanks you very muchI'm now verry happy I watching from Azerbaijan
If you Purposely make a mad face, you'll feel laughter and smiles bubble up from the Bowels of your belly instead!
Hey random person scrolling through comments, i hope you have a cheerful day/night! <3
Edit- it's my birthday! I'm so happy (10th November)
Thanks mam/mister/boy/girl im a beatboxer
Omg! My brothers birthday was November 17th! Same month!
Tysm!
Thank you  you too!!!
You too!!! 
This music makes my essays bearable! :)
amazing music!!! It makes me calm and takes all of my stress away!!!! It also makes me not to get scared when i watch something or play something scary......like if u agree
Love to here this music
i love this music 
it is so good
Esta increible  todas las canciones! :)
I just used it to get over playing welcome to the game. Thank God for this music!
Somebody please tell me the name of the first song!!!
Seriously!! Who pressed dislikes!!(Maybe a mistake)
The first minute sounds like this video is introducing a new Kickstarter campaign.
this song make's me happy while the earth slowly die's :D
I have a lot of stress lately and I cry a lot and this made me much happier.Thank you!
I wish whoevers listening the best day ever!!! :) <3
Thx but I'm  Putting this song becasue my heart is broken and i dont wanna cry in front of my family and its working
thanks 
I like bread
N S i rather hope that i am having a sad day
Thank You 
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays at 19:59?
I was playing this while In the beach making me so happy and gives me enegry to swim thanks for this music!
I always listen to this music while colouring nice music
I also subbed btw thx for likeing my comment
I LOVE IT !!!!
I'm here because of an app called Wysa, but I'm staying cause it told me tom
Thank you for Our support ik I comment already I just wanted to say how happy I am thank you
thank you for like ing my Comment
Edit: Thank you for The like
play this when fortnite finaly dies
I like this !! subscribe you forever.
I love to listen this while I'm scared
Got a slenderman add before this :/ ...
im so happy
Defaults music fir the boys
This is the 666th. Comment O0O
I was sleeping while listening to this song with headphones on
So kawaii
thanks bless jeans thanks bless skirts thanks bless shoes thanks bless looks thanks bless style thanks bless perfect fit body thanks bless new thanks bless tab thanks bless Cha thanks bless chi thanks bless Mon thanks bless sun thanks bless p.r thanks bless lat thanks bless you
thanks bless bla
thanks bless clo
thanks bless curt
thanks curt
thanks skirts
thanks drezz
thankzfingz
thanks hands
thanks num
thanks night
thanks day
thanks sat thanks sun
thanks fri
thanks thu
thanks wed
thanks tue
thanks mon
thanks dec
thanks nov
thanks oct
thanks sep
thanks aug
thanks jul
thanks jun
thanks may
thanks apr
thanks feb
thanks jan
thanks agu
thanks Bobby
Dont Forget To Take Your Joy!
people lising to this must really hate them self xD the ukulele
You have to knew what is  ,.
nice!
the thumbnail made me click.......
Lovely
this video is AWESOME!!!!!!!!
I get a Sims vibe from this music :p
This Youtuber Deserves More Subs. Thank You For The Music, Now I Can Draw!
Just watched a scary Shane Dawson video and well Im here now
Who disliked this? I was extremely sad and this music helped cheer me up!   
Hm.. this music made me relaxed and now I can finally finish my drawing of black panther. Thanks Lounge Music!
I love the music mix a lot. It's great. I just recommend changing the title to state somewhere that the music is copyrighted. Some people, like me, want to use this in our youtube videos. I did and got 26 copyright infringements. Keep up the great work!
cool its super cool coool!!!!!!! thx
Wow your pic. It's sooooooo cute. 
im using this for getting ready for my 1st day of 5th grade
Marvelous job!! :)
Hi. Does anyone know the name of the song starting at 17:50?
I played this while I was brushing my teeth !
*COMMA*
Its August
Man, I am so, so happy!!!
Thank you for the added happiness <3
HAPPY
I love hearing this song and playing roblox! Thanks!
When i get scared on something, i hear this uwu
Just woke up at 4 a.m. From a really scary nightmare so I feel ya 
Love thisGives me a happy and postive feel everyday
It's really relaxing music,thank you Lounge music 
When I listened to these I couldn't stop moving and humming and tapping my feat it really made me happy  I needed it
The only reason im watching this is becasue i just watched  something and im trying to be happy again
i love the song it makes me fall asleep
I Just watched horror videos now im happy
Hab Grad Horror Filme/Videos geschaut bin jetzt wieder happy.
Lovly music
Super hat mich frhlich gemacht
makes my happy on an rainy day
A song is in cyanid xD can't take it seriousely
Yaaas ty I just watched a scary movie thank u :3
I love happy music!!!  So do my rabbits!!!
I played this while playing with my baby bunny:)
Aww I love baby bunnies. 
Omg I have 2 baby bunnies too and there soooo cute :O
I did it with my dog
@Addictz Xavi :O ... omg ... :(
Awwwww so cute
This vid was to happy
:0 :3 so Beautiful :D I Love so much I wont stop Watching it
Came here because i just watched a scary video lmao!
Thank you
Omg i finished it! That means i really REALLY love this! Im liking this!
Thanks for hearting my comment i just don't know how to edit but thanks!
Solo nice
Excellent. Music that comes from the ideal planet.
This music is great! I was writing on Microsoft word and listening to this and it actual helped my creativity.
the perfect music to play to roast your enemies
Im happy loser
*A M A Z I N G*
if you see from the duration Only already not happy
this beutifull music made my day
alost in strah sta izginila
This is so good. Who knew we could study/work hard and feel happy at the same time? :)
When you finally finished the first page of homework
We have a ghost app and my sister is telling me its sitting on the bed with me. Im playing this and it immediately walked away. Hahaha help
I was literally crying but the second I listened to this I was dancing and smiling
Same here
I  feel so alive with this music
Let's Have Fun hihihi
Wow this music must have a posotive afect on people!
wow i love this music and i wish there was more
I listen to this music during a scary part in a movie I don't want to watch!  
Thanks lounge music! Great music in the background for my partu
I mean party
i play this music when palying a scary game
And super bass
I love this music
omg omg this is the best
thx lounge music. i used this for my class play. worked super well. thx!
Hi......
it's interesting comparing happy music to depressing/sad music. Who would want to make their sad situation worse by listening to a creepy minor-keyed song? This is like, the anti-depressant of all medicines XD
This makes me happy (:
Amei essa musica linda linda e incrvel
Oi Danny Linda mesmo ajuda ajenti mesmo
Sadoofhappy
I love this can't wait till i can play ukulele like this :D
Actually, most of the plating is fairly simple
this helped me clean out my closet.
Really good music to colour to  helps me 
I just uploaded a video with this music and it got a total of 26 automated copyright claims lol.
Great music like the beat 
perfect music for white girls!!!
love it
now i'm happy ..
I love it
Making me smile as I write my students' progress reports!
OMG I love these happy songs
I like
I Loved it thank you so much 
Very nice, positive songs. Thanks.
it didnt work :(
I love this
Wow this is very upbeat better than I was expecting for sure I needed some sunshine and every other "happy and Uplifting" playlist I tried just made me feel Depressed so thanks Lounge Music!!!
I love it
Happy music indeed! I added to my playlist if you don't mind.
Yesterday was a very sad day for me one of my idols committed suicide,  Anthony Bordain.  So needed some happy music to start my day
Awesome always love another way to enjoy various instruments and their happy sounds Light airy and refreshing to listen to!
makes doing some of my physical therapies I have to do fun too.
cool :)
This music makes me feel happy and easy.
How could anybody dislike this ukulele music!!??
Love it
stress freeeeeeeeeeeee!
well hope this music calms you down! I really like the music lounge music gives us :)
Perfect for relaxing and studying!!! I love this music!
Beautiful music, This made my day
Love this music!
I was very sad before Now because of this Music made me happy the so much Lounge Music
I am already happy
Man....Thanks I am depressed I try to find something to help me a little better and this helps me thank you I owe you 
I was playing a scary game and I was like. OH YEAH!!!
Yayy the music is not only *happy*, but also *cute*!! >w< :3
it makes me happy . Thanks!
love it
I did not know what to do to calm myself, I was looking a compilation of elevator's accident,  it was horrible, people getting crush or ripped in alf .....(Oooo my god even baby's) it was horrible..
Thats why I came to this video...
I love it, its so happy
Good for Siblings who don't want to wake up!
I love this it helps me do my homework. I love this  so much and I love who  made this to thank you
helped me deal with my cat going missing
I love this music! I play  this video every day when I wake up.
I like the second happy song
I clean my room that my brother messed up thanks  made my clean up faster and happier
I listened to this while drawing! Thanks for making the mood better! 
I'm eating cheerios
just awesome........we loved this music
Awsome it fits when im playing
my daughter loves this song they listen to it in her school in England. Lovely! ;)
It IS happy music! I can enjoy it with my schoolwork, even though it is still spring. :)
Same! I'm doing it with my schoolwork right now! (I know this is a very late comment because you put yours up 8 months ago but STILL!)
LONGER YEEEEEESSSSS
Me Happy Happy!!
Lmfao I'm listening to this while im texting my ex best friend i love her so much im crying fucking tears of joy omfg i love her its been almost a year and we're talking again omfg ily ily ILY
amazing nice to be back
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!
love it it is so relaxing
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
Thats that sjw story time music
So Lively!
I LIKE SO MUCH.
I happy now...
Thanks for the heart! My first hearted comment!
This place is GREAT! - Thx
Thank you it's makes me so happy 
Kids and Dogs Music!
great music
Super
Dodro da e
Congratulation  Awesome   music .  !!!!!  Blessings.
i'm addicted to this music every morning
Aile kadar tatl 
This is the song i hear in the back of every family vlog ever lol .... love it
Happy to a he is a he is q it I am so I am a ap y
didnt have the best day and this helped cheer me up a little :) Thanks! Like+Sub
I LOVE HAPPY MUSIC!!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!!
Perfect music for a baby like me who can't play horror games.
(^O^)(   )( ^  ^)
It is one of the best Ihave ever had
Nirmala Sonowal  your welcome
MISS ARIANA thanks
14:30 to 15:35
Really, made me happy
soo happy
My teacher put's this music on like every day for background music when we are doing our work! I love it!
thanks this made me feel better after a very scary vid :)) tysm
Same i watched grannny
 :::::::)
Lovely!!!!! I used this for an edit I love the upbeat music. It was very nice!! It would rob awesome if u were to check it out on my account when it gets posted. It would mean to much to me. Thanks for the upbeat music and amazing music
Cool I listened to this with headphones when I made a life plan book
this really cheered me up because my music teacher died a few weeks ago :(
@O3kGamez _  I am sorry for your loss. Even though it was a year ago.
Rip For Your Teacher Bro And/or Sis
Im still depressed help
Happy and summer!
great great happy happy upbeat music many thanx to The Lady right here and now
My teacher plays this all the time!!
My teacher plays this all the time in the classroom...and every body loves it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well,she does too,but she can't hear it.
I actually really like it but my friend Star doesn't.
Star Ladybug is my best friend.
Star Ladybug (don't pay attention to the name)thinks this is very bad so i think it's bad. Star couldn't hear it on her computer but it plays on mine but I still don't like it because Star ladybug doesn't.
Omg this has made me cry... Thankyou 
I had never been this happy since my days were ruined thank you <3
when your mom is gone from home for 5 hours and then she finally comes back
THIS MUSIC IS VERY HAPPY  ..why so many dislikes bro????
I'm seriously depressed but it only took 2 mins to get my head nodding and I am reminded I AM ALIIIIIIIIIVE bastards havent got me yet :P   thanks.
First Last fewsasdaw
First Last  kurac
Listen to TOTO - These Chains....you will be so happy you're alive!
You go sweetheart! I know how things get rough sometimes, so wish you a lot of strenght and light for the hardest day and lots of peace for the brighter ones :)) 
keep the vibe  
To leve, gostoso de ouvir. Usei para me concentrar no trabalho!
Really really really great music, made my day! And making someones day is a pretty big deal. You should be proud of yourself. Thank you for the music 
Yassssssss
This so happy I like it thank you so much please do more happy musics
I was watching a try not to cry vid and it was sooo sad so I decided to watch something happy witch was this and it worked but its to long but I still like it ssooo much  tooo
Makes me want to drink bleach, thanks!
geniaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
 Hey !  Greetings from France  I wish you a very nice day  full of peace, sun shine and love  Be bless everybody
Good morning from Ukraine! Thanks for the music, I love it so much 
I'm so fucking depressed
i listen to it at school when im working and i finished my text first! kipup the good work
Selamat Pagi!!! Good morning from Indonesia 
I'm hearing  this because i just watched a scary urban legends video, and I'm home alone. :/
my life is better with music
this is cool
good job!
I just came here after watching creepy videos 
these happy songs made me super duper happy!!!!
This music made me feel so happy and calm! Thank you!!!
I love happy music
So happy and hear warming
Happy music is good
Yes it is
how sweet and playful :-)
SO HAPPY, Thank you  so much, toe tapping. can listen to this vibe all day :)
This makes me cry...
goodbye 2012...
i will miss you....
I love this song 
This song makes me feel o nice
HAPPY MUSIC,HAPPY MIND,HAPPY DAY!!! GOOD HAPPY MORNING!
so so so nice music (y)
Totally helped my day through
Nakakagising ng diwa itong ukelele music....ang galing galing!
Yeah - This Music says:  Lighten-upp!!  Loved it - Thanks!
This helped me getting through VR horror games, thank you
I love this
28:47 is my favorte
really happy
i used this to make a meme
Buuu,llllll
Pppu       c
HELLOO EASTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMGOBUWFIHJEPD[SL
THIS IS SUCH BEAUTIFUL MUSIC! I CLEANED MY ROOM WITH THIS MUSIC AND I WAS SO HAPPY AND ENERGETIC! I CLEANED MY DISASTER ROOM (I COULDN'T SEE THE FLOOR OR WALLS) IN 20 MINUTES! THANKS SO MUCH!
I LIKE HAPPY MUSIC
      
Nuhun .... Nyitak cilok sambil manggut-manggut
This is perfect for the morning!!!!!
so happy
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
I always think about this music when I'm sitting on the toilet.  Thanks Lounge Music
Beautifull
I had to watch this after watching a really scary video for me to forget about it
I love music and when I hear this kind of music, I feel like I hear waves.
9:40 FAV
Who else uses this music to clean your room? like if u agree!!! 
I dont clean my room xd
Edit: Still. Dont. Clean. Meh. Room. Oh well theres to much dog hair from meh awoofabul doggo 
@Shine With Arianna           g
I'm cleaning it right now XD
andy thai It worked. Thank you.
i was so happy i didn't notice i drove off a bridge. now i'm floating in the middle of the atlanic ocean. helllp!!
Supub man.
Bellissimo grazie per le belle immagini e campi di fiori
I woke up feeling a bit down this morning but this music is helping me feel a lot better .
Me too
A Scott Im happy for you 
Me too thats why I listen to it every morning and its a great music!!
@Average Crow yes, Amigo I agree with you. you also have a nice day bro : )
I hope you are feeling better as of now. Have a great day or night! :)
Lovely selection for a Saturday afternoon! THANKS!
Sure is!
Arnaldo Vinagre yesss
i feel happy already :D
im a writer! and during my writing i try and find the best music to listen too! i found this playlist and fell in looooove!! I've relistened so many times thank you soooooo much it helps me relax and stay calm while writing! your friend and fan O.C
I love this music
Actually making me dance at work!! Thank you!
Morning dear
me gusta disfrutar de la musica con mi taza de cafe en compania de mis perros, ellos tambien disfrutan de esta hermosa musica
Just loving this music so much ......... Happy Morning
I'm happy today yayyyyyyy
It's kind of hard to be cranky around this! (:
SUPER HAPPY IT MAKE MY DAY :3THIS MAKE ME HAPPY JOY :)
This music helped me to study. Thanks for this music as it is positive and I have to worry about anything except study I can concentrate on my finals preparation/study.
Boards?
Same here
Hahahaaha! The same situation
thank you, i enjoy it !
Its winter
No puedo dejar de escuchar esta msica es adictiva .. busco otra y siempre regreso a esta la vdd me encanta para trabajar !!
This is so good to listen to while writing a comedy story =)
I play the ukulele, and this would be so fun to try to figure out how to play!
Happy Valentine's day
Joe Doose Thanks!
I love galaxies and huskies
so   happy
Great tunes! Thank you
lounge its so happy not a bad mood anymore, but idk why, like if you agree :D >~<! its cutie!!!!
this is the best music!
Very very very nice!
wauw zoon geweldige muziek, het maakt je echt vrolijk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is  calming af
i was not in a bad mood anymore you are the best!
lonuge i will love your music pls like it!!!
Very nice. Thanks.
longue i love your music!!
Perfect for relaxing time!
i'm so happy to see you lounge! but your song is great!
si que aimgo equea!
its good but cute :D
I sub liked and bell
I LOVE THE MUSIC!!!!!!  #save up this amazing happy music plz do more!!!!!
i was sad and now im dancing happy around in my room
I was so sad
i can't leave without music
......its  best masterpiece on YouTube
I love it 
Good music when youre depressed like me
What is the tittle of song at 51: 30
I do not want to lie to you all .. yes, it's entertaining! i dont want to bother laying you.. go on..
Aww his is so nice
Hakuna Matata
Bom dia !! Feliz ...
Bom dia!! Acordar muito bom com esta musica bem alegre
Que gostosa de ouvir .....
fodase
fodase
Portugus Brasil ue kkk
xXdabing unicornXx she said nice to hear
Great way to start my morning!!!
I just love this... THANKS
I played this through a top 15 cursed numbers vid
This is really nice to listen to as background music :)
Beautiful!
eeemmmmmmm :D :D :D :D
loved it!
Hapyy.. hapyy 
this always makes me feel so happy when writing essays. I take a oath to be a better person, please like if you agree :)
@A cup of Tae with Suga good
107 likes are you happy now. 
.Same.   Now 30 likes
Nishan Bajwa
love it!
While eating breakfast really nice
Happywalagoodmorngdrhvablessedday
Perfect
This music turned my frown upside down! Thank You :)
Math is soooo FUN now
Better
Everything is bette
Yuuup of suure
YES!!!!
It does make me kinda happy!!!!! Thumbs up if you AGREEEEEE!!!!!!!
Man, this is great! I use this to focus on work! :D
Thank you. You make my day successful.
Thx for the song it made me happy. 
GOOD MUSIC GOOD MOOD, TQ
i love happy music
Very entertaining and so happy! I like every piece of this. Thank you for sharing...Happy morning...From the Philippines.
Yas amazing
This helps me if I want to play a horror game. :) xD
Why does this keep getting interrupted by a dipping ad? Trying to be happy here...
Helps me study! Thank You!
thx this helps me in the morning
this makes me happy
This music is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Owwww...i really liked itttt!!!,..OMG!!#@
I love it!
the music reminds me of kickstarter videos
titles?
I feel awesome
This made me happy after what logans vlog made me think about him
I really need this.  Even after my own online best friend is being a ass.  And him lying to me so much.  Idk if I can handle talking to him, nor, continue being his friend..be seriously didnt believe me that I was crying my balls off.  And going off, being high.  Like, are you kidding me.  He seriously doesnt believe me that I was crying while messaging him.  I had to leave my online game I play with him.  Cause I cant stand texting him or bother seeing him on..I just need a breath to bring some happiness in me.  I shouldnt let him get to me.  I only need to be concern about me and my mood.
Drop him honey. Some people aren't worth wasting time with. If your friend isn't supportive replace him with someone who is.
if someone share his sadness we don't have right to push him down if you don't respect feelings of someone else ... keep it for you next time... everybody feel bad sometime.... maybe one day it would be you.
Mikesityzx Maybe it's time to walk away. Lies etc are not part of a wholesome relationship especially if causing so much distress.
U have just to forgot him know life is too short to cry for someone like this
no one is really interested in your teenage style angst, there are some very real problems in the world, do try and get things in proportion please.
It is really happy music :)
Just needed some music to kill myself to, this should work nicely. :)
Love this thank you so much x
so sweet music!
I listened to this while painting, I'm not too happy with how it came out, but the music is amazing and it gave me the vibes u was seeking for the painting lol. And I had a bad headache and this helped out and now I wanna play my ukulele lmao
Stop doing that
.??? ! 
This music makes me feel nostalgic... idk why, but it's a good feeling 
this a video i actually really wanted to give a thumbs up to
Thanks. I can feel my soul is happy
I love all these songs so much
Happy
Awesome :)
Alohukbar boom 
Hu3hu3hu3
Das ist so herzlich, danke!!!!!
im so sad... :(
muy feliz... musica
love ya MX si tu estas correcto
One word. Amazing.
i listen to this whilst playing the joy of creation xD
So hood
.Good music to paint with
this selection is what i'm search for in the long time . finally found the one <3
Ah...finally, helps with writers-block...
12 yr old getting into business! Watch out publishers to be amazed! :D
me likeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
awesome !!! totally Grabtastic :)
best music EVER u made my day thx now im so happy
I'm playing Slender right now and decide not to be so scared so I'm playing this to me not be scared
Stop playing that, it is meant to scare you to death literally!!
logic lmao
I'll play Minecraft
NIXI_II -clash royale & More Then don't play Slender
I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CONTENTED!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks for happy music..great ! Namast!
Happy 
Mr happy
on my brothers birthday! thanks 4 good music!
Lovely and amazing!!!!!!!
Adorei, delcia de se ouvir!!! Grata!!!!
HAPPY!
there were an add...scared crap outta me
Thank u. U just made my day
you're welcome!!
Thank you i was in so bad mood
Rage Fist 22 me too
Copy write?
Mejora mi da!!!!
Super Happy Music! The music is really very positive! I want to live with it. Thank you very much
IT made Me sAD& Mad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whats the third song at 4 plus mins
Moin ;)
This is perfect for morning dance and everywhere anyone goes peacefully the best! Also best for anywhere and it can be used for movies right?
It made me write a song
As a man that doesn't normally listen to this.... I love it..
Love it soooooo much
youre still not gettin any
CMS S I love you...
great wonderful happppppy funnnn music
YEAP THAT'S RIGHT IT'S A VERY NCE SONG....
hedef2018 181FLO  Hpp :)
i like the miusic good good
I like this so much
Thank you for this
Thank you! I was really bummed and this helped alot!
sounds very beautiful ^^
I like this because it wakes me up, and sets my day on track!
Thanks! I LOVE  the harry potter books, but they would be better if hermione was the main character! :)
Susannah TenHuisen I love your profile pic hermione rules
so good
sooo.... nice..... ZZZZzzzzz..... . .   .     .
This music is saving my life. Thank you so much.
CLEANING MY ROOM HAS NEVER BEEN SO GREAT AND FUN !!!!
Same =D =D =D  =D =D =D =D =D =D =D =D
you are a potato no longer
Same I don't know why but it made me dance!!!!?!!
Thank you
You should have received a message saying the order online
Wonderful!! Thank you!
To Me, I Lovvee My Self.  Only Me Caan Make Me  Happy lose weight go on trips. Spa
I love the uke wish i could play it this is soo pleasing to the ear helps me wake up in the morning...
wich is the name of the song on minute 1:33:57 pleaaaseeeeee i need it...please please please, somebody who help me find it
MARZUKA FAGRE I kn
ENAKKK
Is that Mr. Happy (Mr. Men series book)?
Sssuuuuppppeeerrr trouper!
I SUBSCRIBED!
thanks for these nice music! but would you please provide a playlist to us? thanks a lot!
*When everyone comments on how great it is but you want to comment it's too happy for you*
see its random XD XP
random commenter haha
I was mad  but now Im happy 
hello, thank you for the musics! I've found my good mood again!! :) I'm smiling following the rythm. peace on you all :)
nice music, sounds like Hawaiian :) I have been there twice :)
Wonderful.. I just love it! Keep spreading the happiness.. may god bless you!
me gusta mucho el vdeo
I feel much better already !
9:43 song?? , i love it....
Hi, I love this music so much and it works perfectly with my film that I am creating for school, but I need Lounge Music's permission to use the music. Lounge Music, can I have your permission to use your music in my film. I will credit you at the end of the film if you would like. Please reply soon.
good music!
OMG AMZING LOVED IT!!! CHECK OUT MINE IM JUST A KID
Mu laptop just gave me the blue screen of death and this helped me through it all! THANK YOU
great music thanks
so so cute
good job love it :)
Happy Happy Joy!
Just saw something sad on instagram so here I am not sobbing my heart out 
bandit  joke
david Rae 
..... Do you when BBQ(?)
But how???????????
Are you ok?
Ha Ha Ha!!!
i use this to play horror game
Why It doesn't make the games scarier!
Me  to
ahahahaha me too
IM SO HAPPY :D
 HAPPY Music !!! HAPPY Life !!! HAPPY Goddess  HALLELUJAH 
I love this it helped me do my homework :)
I'm homeschooled, so this helped me a lot too!
Becky Tube  this helped me focus on my reading
ME TOO :D
You guys are rockin... best music I've heard in a long timr
me too
Is it alright to use this as background for home video production?
Nice song!!
makes my mood so goood :) I love your music list! I heart Ukulele ;D @Lounge Music
Omg so cute
I can use this for my morning routine!!! ^-^ v
go army any j-hope fans
Same!
Yay army
its a good 1 girlsforlife# :D
Kpop fam right here :D
love it ...make me so happy!!!!!!
berhan seyoum ikm
me to
This is great! Thanks
Who knew Ukele's could be so relaxing! Thanks "for pulling a few strings" and posting this! No "frets" right?
Your so punny! 
Hailey and 2 Cute Cats
Just Google being dumb and posting it twice, I guess.
Bwahahahaha.  I'm glad that you "picked" these puns
Kailey Stallings Why did you repeat yourself
Exactly, and listening to this will guarantee happiness, *no strings attached!* :)
Anybody know what the whistling song is called?
john sullivan sorry
john sullivan yeah
so niceeeee 
tell me how
TELL ME NOW
Jo-an Espejo iOS
wooohoooo
   (*^^)v      
angel
etc.....
     oneness      
smile 108oneness what r u saying
smile 108oneness p
This is Good Morning Music,  uplifting
Why do people just say the names of the people who commented... like "Pravin Patil " WTF?
William Maloney
Sooooo goooood <3
My son is a "great" ukulele player. He has been singing and playing the ukulele professionally for a few years now. He's 18 years old. My son turns any occasion he sings into a happy party!
Shaddup bitch
Hmm... are those quotation marks sarcasm or emphasis?
The Gamer Alton It would still be sad not happy
you must be a "great" father then.
Jeffrey Padavan  ok
Super HAPPY Music !!! Thank You Lounge Music :) 
Gay means happy...
Soviet union
Nice Unicorn Lover
Catherine BEDUER I love thats
Catherine BEDUER I l
Very nice, thanks.
Who knew, ukilali music could be so toe tapping.
Susan Tarr Azinger *ukulele
I agree!
I know, right!
From where are you listening? Thank you for being here. :)
Get a free download and stay updated about my music by signing up to my newsletter: https://mailchi.mp/soothingrelaxation/sign-up
Very nice music  deep sleep   India
Much love to you all, from Chicago 
from Canada
Amazing music for relaxation. Thankyou. From Brasil.
My mom is sleeping  and this music  is helping her 
So beautiful.i love listening to this music. It really soothes my heart when listening to it. Thank you so much.
I love it because it is very realizing
Relax
My daughter listens to this when she needs to sleep its so relaxing THANK YOU YOU ARE A BLESSING to MAKE MY RESTLESS DAUGHTER 
SLEEP!!! :D
It's very nice  deep sleep  and it is also used for meditation for our school classes after 5 minutes what happened do you know if then what ? 
LOL  my grandson droops off imediatley within 5min it works every time.
Maravilloso. Es nico escuchar esta meloda. Relajacin. Ternura. 
 This.
It's so relaxing
PIEKNA MUZYKA WIELKI TALENT MUZYCZNY BRAWO Opinia Polki Grudzien 2019
Is there any arabic peaple? 
Hermosisima, armonizante y tranquilizante. 
This is very helpful. This takes all the stress from me. I fell so....so alone. I struggle with depression. This is the key to peace. Please continue doing more of these videos.
Nice,content,peace,joy,Soul,relax.....
I love music
Who actually sleeps with this cuz I do
hi im jean from philippines..im listenning this beautiful music before bedtime..i feel very comfortable while im lying in my bed when im alone..
Hello guys, if you like sounds of the rain and sounds of nature visit me  plz
Jadore cette musique merci  et bonjour de Londres.
My name is Inji and I am still 8 years old and when I am doing my homework I am listening this song.thank you for making like this music without this music when I do my homework it would be so boring. thanks!
Hi person scrolling through the comment if you are having a hard time just remember you are not alone and never give up
@Nina Coin thanks you
Amanakeu du
I love this music 
I wanna die ....I wanna go to heaven.
This music puts me to sleep every night thank you so very much P.S.   
This using the best because my mom and dog died yesterday  :(:
Supergood!!!! I love it!!!!
Hello from Canada
Who all tired of seeing zomatos add before the video ?
She is biutiful
This begin is in the piece with the rain. I love this music, i search this a lot... i love what you make for us. 
Love  you to
I love the music it reminds me of the world
jestem w piknej bajce
Una vez un maestro  de yoga soy practicante y enseo me dijo  ""No te enamores de una msica o sonido escualo disfrtalo integralo pero si llegas enamorarte y lo pones mucho porque te gusta puedes perder su belleza"" yo comparto  y no suelo hacer muchos comentarios de lo qe escucho pero hay algunos que si este me envuelve y me transforma gracias por escucharme
Florida USA  happy Veterans Day my grandfather past away at war this music helps
Im sorry he is in a better place!
Dominick Butcher Im sorry to hear that
Bellsimo !!!!
Agradezco est msica en este tiempo de tantos ruidos....feos...
Gracias 
beautiful music thank you love California
Music e paisagens mui bonitas
Solo paz
Peaceful and beautiful music. I'm subscribing. 
This helps me sleep peacefully
*00212.645.75.23.01* *Whatapps*
          
              
       *00212.645.75.23.01*
Thank you so much for presenting such beautiful music. At the end of the day when activity is wrapped up I have gotten into the habit of searching for soothing music. It creates an aura of peace that banishes the stress and worry for a bit of time. I let it play in the background as I read or sleep. Thank you again.
More knowledge beyond understanding
 frm Malaysia.
Senza parole .Bellissimo. 
It's so lovely and relaxing
Love you 
Tanks you so mush
I was listening to this song while  my 6 years old son was sleeping. I was reading some of the comments when my son woke up crying. He told me that by listening to this song made him remembered the awesome day we had together, that by listening to it he felt sad and happy at the same time because the day was gone,  and i just could hold to cry a little seeing how my son could identify his feeling through your music. It was awesome
Thank you for sharing this beautiful story with your child.
This song just made me sad...
Awsome 
I am the best yes I am 
I sell replays. 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00cost a like please!
I like excellent music
Love, 06:33 na mahal magsimba muna ako love l love you  sweetheart l love you forever my dear!
Huzurrr bu ite
Teekkrler
The music is always so beautiful.
Beautiful!!!!...
Beautiful music thank you so much. My 6 years old daughter and I are sleeping with your music every night. 
Love from Canada
Best one  
Hola que nadie habla espaol ?
This is very relaxing and clam whenever I have any struggle I listen to the it, it helps me clam myself and sleep at night as well I just play this music on my speaker in low volume and sleep peacefully
Awesome
Thank you for sharing this.
Manada
Great video!
So beautiful so spiritual 
Love it thank you
Perth Western Australia
Demos gracias a nuestro padre creador del microcosmos y macrocosmos por brindarnos atravez del hermano peder esta hermosa msica que nos transmite energa para alcanzar la unin universal entre hermanos. Adis. Un abrazo.
This is helping me stop crying. I have been crying for hours after what happened but this is helping me clam down. Thanks for making this.
man I AM ABOUT TO CRY
Amazing movie!
hi, I am from Rome, and thanks for this amazing music!
It's great music
Wen you made that other one I was in a deep sleep 
Thank you 
Betifol vidio muzika thanks ingrid akkermans
Very calm I introduced this to my reading teacher and she will only play this during reading semester!!
Thank u so much I needed a great nap  
Cool channel!
Thank you for making this soundtrack! :)
Cool..
Im 12 and I fell right asleep but it wasnt fun waking up LOL 5 min turned into 20 
I'm 9 and I was asleep for 5hour
Im listening in the UK
And my granddaughter picked this one she like the color pink
My grandkids were fast asleep
Also mine 
I like the sound
Listening from Prince Edward Island....and loving it!!!
Listening from PEI...Prince Edward Island, Canada.I very much appreciate the beautiful music you make It is transformational
Eres un regalo para este mundo gracias por compartir la belleza de tu alma.
Thanks  .. !! Sooo relaxing  ... love it
I am immersed in pleasure while listening to this marvelous  piano song and watching these marvelous pictures .
Hi peder its nice to see ya on yt
Beutiful music love
does anyone know what songs these are? I would love to learn... thank you!
ll meiz
Koll 
this helps with my depression an i got a lot more happier
Remember, youre amazing! Dont get too depressed, get help if it gets worse! Talk to family members as well. 
I find this is nice before sleep and it has nice instruments playing, really peaceful. Ideal to get sleep strugglers to sleep for the couple of nights!
Beautiful 
soooooooo   nice quiet  peaceful    thank you
did it take you a wile to scroll down here?
Melankolik oldum iyice
Me gusta, me relaja
Hola como has estado mi sentido comun m
 .   ...
Am listening to this in new zealand right now.
Maravilhosa !
Beautiful background, soooooooo relaxing! Thanks a lot!:)
Denmark 
Great Great Great Music Fadi From Leanon
From Brasil
Amo , obrigada 
Essas msicas fazem um bem enorme a alma!
It is teen oclok
Does anyone know the name of the first piece on this video? I want to buy the album its on
Spokojna  piekna muzyka Bella musica Hermosa MELODIA Beautiful music
@     
          
        
     
I love this, it's my go to relaxation music
Manado,  North Sulawesi,  Indonesia.
Tanta felicit
B khnknnn   pjjjj.n nviydglhgWgu hhj
   thank you so much for your inspiration 
Hi.!!! 
Hi !!!
Very  hi...
Really so so nice.
This is so great im listening to this at my work place , i work EMS and its very stressful but this helped me relax enough to take a nap
really wow ..ifeel to cry ..Reminds me of the days of childhood
Relaxing music 
Love 
This is my favorite. It's so soothing and it's almost like it's telling me a beautiful story. lol I almost panicked when I couldn't find it on youtube. I need this when I am studying.
piano
Peaceful music always keeps me sleep every night
I'm loving this music 
I used to play the piano and I want to play like your videos!!
I like the songs
Beautiful and soothing. Thanks.
ok gzel bir kanal
I was imagine... Ply this Song and huge my Girls in the bed.... 
So romantic....hahahahahaha
I use this music when Im baking it makes me relax
Awesome work keep it up relaxing & peaceful  really beautiful music 
Peder, I just wanted to thank you for your beautiful piano compositions. A friend directed me to your channel and recommended your music to help me as I'm going through some very difficult times in my life. I will keep returning here to listen to your work as it's very soothing. Thank you again from Austin, Texas, USA.
this is so beautiful and calming !! thank u for sharing this with us !! have a wonderful day !!!!
I love your every music.
51:50
From Pennsylvania USA  Thank you so much as someone with PTSD your music gets me through many a tough day
This actually worked for my baby brother to go to sleep 
Thank you for this I would have never finished by book for tomorrow without this Thank you.
i completed the most boring chapter easily just bcz of this music :)
NEHA GANDHI watch mha :/
Very relaxing i feel free
Tim Janis,    Thank you,beautiful music and pfhotos..welcome  Rebeka   10 15  20:26
Szia..***** Lttalak ...:) :):)Azrt van 3,hogy Te- n-  s  Rnka  ! Most   milyen  nyelven  rtl..Ami  "bevillant  ? nmet...?  A multkor  rtad ajnljunk   Neked szpet Magyarorszgrl..Rengeteg van..De rok  2-t-3 most...riszentpter s a krnyke,az rsg,csodlatsos, + Mezkvesd -Maty fld.  gynyr ruhkat  hordanak, most ltok modern "MATY RUHKAT is.LTTAM a  tervez nevt   :Hrivnk Tnde,aztn Szentendrt-Visegrdot is reklmozhatod...(jobbra van a Tv... ilyen msor van , igy jutott ez esszembe ..Mert n egy "univerzlis Nagyi vagyok... kzpen nzem a vided, jobbrra "ritkn a Tv,t-balra  meg  a kis asztalon a hideg vacsorm van..(Sajt,paradicsom,margarin,+Abonett,(kenyeret nem eszem mert rt drga  a glutn kenyr) s gymlcs tea.)
Nos most vissz   a  videdhoz.A boldog !!!!!estmhez..risi dvzlet s kszonet...10 12 (20:00)Rebeka:)  :) :)*****
merci beaucoup  cause de cette music j'ai pue faire mon slame portri an classe
Warm Greetings from Morocco :) !
I know i am late but can u make a piani music video with much more rain sounds and a lil fast music?  I need that kinda music for studying..
Piani?
I left a comment on one of your songs and it goes for all you have.  But I used the word simple. I mean clean clear easy to hear.  In no way do I think your work is simple basic or easy.  Hugs sweet.  I want you to understand the magnitude of how your music influences soul.
Very good i was bored then i feel to relax and mind went to peace very good music.:)
Some friendly advice from the Netherlands, go sit outside in the garden. Take some deep breaths and close your eyes for a second to listen to this peace going through your body just a few second enjoy that feeling of peace you have around you and if you are comfortable open your eyes and look up to the stars. Just to see how bright they are shining for you and just watch a little bit more and a little bit closer and see how all the stars come together at one place to give you all the love, all the energy, all the light and all the peace they what you needed. Now you've tasted this inner rest, go to sleep with a feeling you are blessed to day and knowing tomorrow will be a new day with new love, new light and new energy you needed for this day. Enjoy your day and love the people around you. If yo have been taking this advice I will promise you that you will enjoy every little thing in life, just like all these little stars in this bright sky
very good.
It's become a habit now I can't study without your music
Lovely music! Which album is thus on? I'd like to download it. Thank you!
This had my kids sleeping in less than 15 min and they were so restless, but it worked thumbs up!
I love your music its literally Music to my ears. Its Awesome to wake up to and even more amazing to be driven asleep to the crystal sound thanks and keep up the GREAT work
Lovely
Thanks to this music my mom fell asleep sweetly after hours of strong headache.
this music is for the heart and soul
The best, the most beautiful.
Cette musique est juste magique....
Bonito
Me relaga
I think I'm falling aslee...
Very relaxing, I listen all night to sleep. Thank you very much
Gorgeous music! So calm and relaxing!
That is smoothing 
Musik ini yang membuat saya menjadi tenag,dan semua beban yang ada dikepala  sedikit bekurang.  From indonesia
these songs are so peaceful! I love all of them!
I am listening from Philadelphia pa and I love your music it makes me think positive and it takes away all my pain and stress out of me thank you for making these perfect melodies
I love  this song  it  helps me to put  my husband to sleep at night time  when he is  not sleeping
A cold, rainy day here in west Texas. This is perfect for feeding thru my home sound system and listen while the rain falls.
Wow! Very good piano I am sleep piano volume is so good
relaxing i love
Put my baby to sleep my girlie thank u 
Peaceful sound I lot in my sweet memories.
Enak banget lagunya bikin ngantuk i like it speak indonesian
This is so relaxing, thank you so much for uploading! Its time for bed now 
Thank You its been a tough day and i really needed this calming music...  aaaaahhh so good
from philippines
 IIII love it 
Why These Songs Keep Making Me Feel Lonely...Hope I Have Friends Soon...
gracias, bellisima meloda, me acuesto y les cuento, gracias
*Thank you for such a wonderful video it brings some much needed tranquility in my thoughts. Many blessings to your work. Take care and love and peace for all*
     
              
nagyon szp......
Super sweet 
Peace and harmony. Thank you.
lovely music it makes me feel so good . makes me feel more safely 
I Love It
This is just beautifully holding.  I feel like Im floating off peacefully to a precious safe place x
Can you do Pokemon Oracion leaf flute??
I hate it because I just want to be myself when I listen to this 
perfect, thank you
Life is beautiful
i cray....so sad music...and so beautiful ...
I'm very happy with it.
I love it so relaxing ugh im falling asleep
thank you
Beautiful
This was beatiful
I will get good rest for sure.  Thanks for this!
Very nice music
Nepali music also very soothing try to listen u will feel it
NHAC  CD    hay canh dep....Cam on Ban nhieu ..
It is rely great
It is rely great
Lm vic g cng phi c uy nghim quc gia c tn trng t trn xung di  ti xin php  kin cc thy nu c hp tc v mi trng .  Nhng thi gian cn di
Today is my birthday 13/9
Happy birthday even it too late.
aivan kaunista tanssin piruetteja kun kuutelen tulee hyvlle tuulelle
Very beautiful photos.........
How great thou art?!
WAOO  :)
Listening from Thailand almost everynight.
You are Amazing !  Thanks for creating a wonderful music.
Thank you for the video. It took my breath away.
I hope your having a great day.  I personally think you deserve it. I just love your videos.  Check out mine. Id love to know your thoughts
it's very nice!
lol, i listen to this music at night and haha just gets you in that emotional stage when you realize your lonely forever and have no soul purpose on life exept to die. haha. hmuuuu!! lol. but on a lighter note, great music!! haha
Why tf do I wanna cry 
Life nice ..no more  tears..
zo   good  joop    van  buerink
The Most Beautiful Music To Listen
Beautiful
Im 10 and i had suicidal thoughts and this helps me feel better
This song is beautiful, and Rebecca, totally agreed. Thought of suicide, never came close to doing it cuz I knew there was so much more, I can overcome struggles
Ute Jene oh lord only 10 years old. You have youre entire life ahead my love. Pre teen and teenage years go so fast. They are full of anxiety, the unknown, peer pressure and discovery. Everything at that age seems like the end of the world (Ive been there) but I promise you it will pass. There is life beyond school. Find what you love and go for it with all youre heart. What other people think is not important. Make yourself happy and try to make others happy and the world will seem like a nicer place. Please dont give up.
I struggle with horrible insomnia. Thank you for making beautiful videos that helps me fall asleep. 
the sounds are great for relaxing too.
I feel you brother 
well I am going to get to bed
I sleep with it
Who loves to listen to quiet music pressing you 
Thanks a lot.
It's so good.
thank you for this relaxing Vibes
Beautiful music! I wish I could compose like that!
Fabulous 
I prefer without the rain. Lovely.
 !!!!!!
Algeria is everywhere
Comme dhabitude MAGNIFIQUE. Enjoy
Showwww
Thank you
Beautiful...thank you... 
Good night from England 
That's is not exactly the correct British flag this is :-)
Just Love in a three or in a cloud thank you 
l like it
Your music makes me feel relaxed. Thank you!!!
He lo
Nice obrigado super 
Soooooooo peaceful. U've done a great job Soothing Relaxation. Well done! Its beautiful work that u have done. Great job once again
I love piano music 
Heavenly tune......
Love the music just so relaxing,and the video is beautiful just takes me back to lovely walks in the country and the Scottish mountains.
Great
LOVE!! Photography is beautiful too! From UT.
I love listening to this
This is just beautiful and exquisite. Love it! Thank you for sharing with us 
Love you love from Pakistan 
im from pakistan...i used to play this music
Thank you soothing relaxation videos for this music. Great for many occasions, with rain would also be nice.
Veryyyyyyyy nice and relax feel like that.thank you are so sweet for me the this video is heart touched:)
Great music, bro 
Vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv nice
YES!! This channel is such a confidence booster. It makes me think for a girl from piano who I like. Big prodigy, really good, like this three hours of beautiful music. Thank you guys so much. You get me thinking during these mixes, about life. Everybody has room for improvement, in every category.
So touching and beautiful....
I'm reading your responses to people's comments, and you seem like such a nice and positive person. Keep posting these beautiful videos :)
Vdeo espetacular. Tudo perfeito a melodia as imagens transferem agente para um mundo maravilhoso onde a somente paz.alegria unio e essa natureza linda.valeu pelos vdeos.
I love this music from cambodia
You're doing really very good job. you're like an instrument of God to bring peace into the life of depressed people through your soothing music. Thank you :)
@Marla Trosper !    .^manada
The music is so soothing .
Why,  why won't depression go away?!?
@thuy music Do you want to say something ?
petr pan....
Lovely music
Hi...lam majed from Iraq.. can  you send me some poems and stories..pleas..
Beautiful music even better pictures thank you.
Hi, I loved the video, visit my channel when I can , please sign up
Romantic music is very good
Of course I'm not that Romantic music fan
But this music played on Piano 
the truth was very beautiful more with the landscapes the mountains the Animals the Flowers the Landscape Etc Etc Etc is great
What Mother of Nature Brings Us
That we Humans that we are Plague asemos the Wars killing the Animals to the Plants Etc Etc all
in a few words we are destroying Mother Nature
Because we have that Hate Envy and many more things
Sorry I got off the Topic but it's the truth the Human is like that
Anyway
Excellent Romantic Music that lasts three hours or maybe a little more than three hours but very nice great music
Grata! Bella partilha...acalma e nos faz viajar em mundo de cores e paz
Thank you 
Ah yes I can immerse myself in this embracing music and make my Sunday complete, thank you my friend!
david Let's be friend
Just had a really good much needed nap. I was too anxious too fall asleep but this relaxed me just enough. Thank you! 
Love it, seriously I'm so happy that I found your channel, I always sleep listening your piano music~ Greetings from Spain 
Merci mon amie bonjour
         ..
Why tosik
 " Embraceable Elegance  ! " Thank you for sharing this with me today  ! " 
" I am in south Louisiana, USA  " 
Musique relaxante et rveuse
All what you present is my favorite keep going
xx thank you  soul moving  xx
This is beautiful,I've struggled to relax since I lost my son 6 months ago,this is so comforting
So brautifull
That's awful
Tina Ashley aww Im sorry to hear that
Very relaxing
Sooooooo Relaxing
Cool       Thanks
Beautiful and relaxing lovely to wake up to 
Dall'Italia Canale Gianluigi non sa come ringraziare stupenda meravigliosa e video che non mi posso esprimere per i video che faccio Stupendo
Sounds truly beautiful
I was reading and this helped me focus more on my book then gaming video like I usually listen to but I fell asleep after thank you for this beautiful music
Maravilloso pianista y esplendidos paisajes de un mundo magico Gracias y un grande Bravo.
Muchas gracias, Dalid! =)
I like it 
Thank you very much for listening!
Du er fantastisk! Love your music 
Tusen takk, Chouchou! <3
What a beautiful and amazing music video.  Lovely pictures and wonderus music. The lavendel field must smell so good  and the sent is calming too. Thank you Peder for sharing  this beauty here on YT with us! 
@Soothing Relaxation    nnbuxevenwt koo by bbq 6
  No re.
Thank you so much, Susanne! I am sure it must have been a nice day for the photographer of the lavender fields, for sure! Have a great weekend. :)
Peaceful music with wonderful visuals.Thank you .
Thank you very much, Michelia!
Beautiful 
Thank you very much! =)
I hope that too you will like the country and the people.
I am sure I will! Thanks.
J' aime beaucoup ce genre de musique qui me fait tre tranquille 
Grand merci
Je suis content que vous aimiez ce genre de musique ! Merci beaucoup pour couter de ma musique. :)
I like it
your welcome, it's my pleasure
Great! Thank you for listening. Enjoy :)
Thank you very much for listening!
Your timings fantastic  
What a day :/
Ah, I am sorry to hear that... I hope tomorrow will be a better day!
You're welcome my dear . I am from Morocco can you imagine?,
I have a friend from Morocco! Hopefully I will be able to visit one day.
My heart 
:) Thank you for listening!
It's Very well the Music
Thank you very much!
it's so nice 
I will be sleeping on this music 
Thanks for the effort 
Thank you very much, Be Free! I hope the music can help you get to sleep. Let me know how it works after you have tried! Best wishes to you. :)
No Water sound and Rain
@Soothing Relaxation  I like rain and water sound (double)
You prefer it without water sounds and rain?
I Love relaxmusik Nice from swedim
Thank you, Selma! Have a great weekend.
We buried our mother today and this is so nice to listen to.  While I am crying its comforting to.  Thanks
My great grandfather died  but I know that you feel sad  to sorry
F... (Pay respects)
kellyarch so so sorry for your loss 
Its so sad when parents pass away 
My parents have gone too feal so lonely without them 
But god has promised that one day you will see her again ...
A rose to a beautiful woman 
I am so sorry to hear that... My deepest condolences and best wishes for you and your family.
Thank you! =)
OMG THANK YOU <3
Thank you very much for being here and listening, Desiree! =)
This is a beautiful piece of music
Thank you very much! I am glad you like it. :)
So nice! Wishing you a lovely day dear friend x)
Thank you very much! I wish you the same as well. :)
Thanks but you know I prefer the rain sounds in the background.
Thank you for the feedback! I love hearing what people prefer when it comes to nature sounds vs no sounds in the background. It might do more soundtracks with rain sounds soon. :)
Hey Peder !
Looking forward to our collaboration. Sent you an email a few weeks back.  
Let me know what you think ! 
Blessings
@Keith Thank you, from Norway
Thank you, by the way Muslims believe in Jesus and Muslims respect Jesus. How about reading about Islam
I like collaboration, it is good for all. I hope the whole World be like this music. Real picture the we have now is Wars everywhere, killing everyone, I am looking for peace. I found peace only in my mind, no one can see what inside my mind.
Just resent ! Thank you
Hey again! Did you really? I have not seen your email, could you please resend it? It might have been put in the spam folder.
This is beautiful, come on delta waves!!
"Come on delta waves !!" hahahaha lmao . Iam trying to sleep here, not to laugh :D
@Soothing Relaxation No Doubt!
Thank you, Johnny!
Sublime
the first playlist sounds like narutos sadness soundtrack
Ah really? I have never heard the music from Naruto, but maybe I should give it a listen!
Meravigliosa 
I love the rain sounds very relaxing and soothing also love the music....... awesome amazing channel
Thank you so much, Christopher.  I am so happy that you enjoy my channel and music!
Super channel 
Thank you very much, Maya!
Merci   amicalement 
@Soothing Relaxation 
Merci  vous ! :)
Cok   doga  canli  yokmuydu   iyi   olurdu 
Highly beautiful video I love it
That's great! I hope I will be able to bring more music in the future that you'll enjoy. Have a great weekend!
Your welcome I have been subscribed with notifications on your amazing
Thank you very much! =)
Tank you    
Thank you for listening! :)
thank you now I go to sleep.
Thank you for listening! I hope you'll sleep well.
This is something out of the world
I am missing my best friend
My love
#gamingwithmandyzone
I feel sorry..
@Soothing Music 
@Jackie Lopez 
@Jackie Lopez thank u and u r also awesome
Going to sleep goodnight
I hope it will work well for you!
This is Too relaxing
=) Thank you!
Oof Im gonna fall asleep 
I am happy to present a version of 148 without any rain sounds in the background. Which version do you prefer? :) Thank  you for listening!
Soothing Relaxation this is beautiful 
Without rain sounds or running water. That makes kids go to the bathroom more often while trying to sleep. I like the music with nature sounds but the best to me is the piano.
First and Hii this was so relaxing xxx 
Nvm I wasnt first but who cares xx 
Ima use this tn ty
@Soothing Relaxation it most likely will :)
Great, I hope it will work for you!
Thanks!
Thanks to you as well!
@Soothing Relaxation yup i love your music 
Hi! You were very quick there!
Sweet
Thank you!
Hello Ashley! Thanks for listening.
Soothing Relaxation np
Thank you, Lane the Builder!
Lane the Builder youre first
Thank you nice music 
wish you all a best life and this is a very good music
WOW SO AMAZING
thank you for such stress reliever. I was able to clear my mind  with this amazing work
Thank you so much feeling peace in this beautiful morning
wonderful music
I am Mrs.Chong Won Kwak & today is December 23,2019. These beautiful places, resources of life including music like these gentle & loving should be enjoyed and shared by all, but should not be abused, used for evil and hurting. But then there is ugliness in world and some people cannot and never enjoy and experience. It is too much sadness, suffering, etc. How can certain people enjoy? Helping, serving, receiving together is happiness, not anything else. I cannot play music professionally even though I learned and enjoyed the experience of instrument and music with others. It was a good memory, too. Some do not get that experience, but it is not necessary. Having plenty, not being blocked of needs & healthy enjoyment and love with others is necessary. I did not and do not want to experience everything.
Thanks for helping people survive in even when they are depressed!!!
One day ur hard work will be paid off...one day u"ll get all d mental peace that u deserve... One day u"ll be so much blessed.... One day.... Insah Allah....one day
Beautiful and peaceful music, thank you.
Thank you for compiling such a beautiful music. 
Good music
I'm in a cozy room watching the snow fall to this music and am in absolute bliss. Thank you for this wonderful music.
I like it music
Love the music and video. Def a stress reliever and studying tool. Thanks!
I love your work, thankyou  :)
So calming, snoothing music.. making my day more Lively..happy thank you for making this wonderful piece
So special. Amazing. Peace full.
Absolutely wonderful, thank you!
      ... !
   .   .
IDK Why its make me sleepy Zzzzzzz
So beautiful and helps get my baby to sleep
That's so lovely 
Thankyou for this :)  Very relaxing :)
Amazing relaxing music
Ganhou mais uma inscrita! Gratido! Energias positivas pra vc,do canal,diretamente do Brasil
Je bent Max niet.
Amazing music.....16/11/2019...9:25A:M
Bright and beatiful music in the morning .Makes me calm and peaceful .
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Eu j buscava algum tempo por coisas,  lugares, pessoas, oraes, msicas para alimentar, preencher, acalmar e fortalecer minha alma, corpo e vida.
Encontrei e uma delas so essas msicas relaxantes e os maravilhosos mantras.
I LOVE this music 10/10 calming quality
C'est vraiment une belle source d'apaisement. Merci !  :)
"No beauty shines brighter than that of a good heart.
 Thank you for this beautiful music compose from the Heart! Who listen NOW this amazing music?"
So soothing 
I see you OCB ;) , haha, just what I needed for my morning green, thanks for that one.
And love to all.
Things will all be alright in due time.
music  
Shume shume bukur 
good morning from Morocco
Noah.platinum
LOVE IT 
Aww.. 
I wish you to have a nice and relaxed day
Thank you so mutch
I'm playing this as a background music while I play outlast. Thanks for calming my state of mind!
i like des song
Awesome sounds  in the morning!!!!
bien!
Amazing
nice calm piano i like it too. I made some relaxation track for friends - do you hear?
Minhas noite ficaro mais relaxantes depois que  falo com Deus e durmo ouvindo  essas msicas. Ja virou mbito meu e do meu marido .obgd
i realy need vacation
i love music this
You make my day 
Amazing music
Awesome
Thank you  for the 2 likes ;) 
Have a happy day and remember, you will always be loved by someone
Hay wa
Everyone has love in their heart  somewhere
i love
And I know its beautiful
Thank you, beautiful person, for this experience. Very generous of you to share this! May peace with you and all of us in this chaotic world.
So impressive
I woke up with a terrible headache... This helped me a lot. Thank you 
Try coffee
so impressive I love it
takes my mind off of tinnitus, thankyou
hay qu
Soothing music 
Is there more beautiful  than to feel calm... thank you 
Every morning when i wake up, i meditate using guided meditation and then listen to positive affirmation. And the i play morning music and make my bed make breakfast and do other stuff. 
I am healing my life :)
I hope you are too. 
ok does any body play fortnite
Listening this song. I remember my first love
When I feel sad or devoted, I listen to this music. It forgets me my worries and my ego and takes me to another world where tranquility and tranquility
A much better way to wake up and start my morning.  Thank you!
Listening to relaxing music can minimize undue stress. The relaxation response involves the muscle relaxing, respiration slowing down and blood pressure lowering. 
You can actually be more efficient and productive in the office with pleasant music playing in the background. 
Light and jazzy tunes can help you savor your meals and enjoy the company you are with better.
Beautiful  music that accompanies me while I am walking. Thanks a lot.
Nice thing to hear and for reading Thanks
This is beautiful music! I love it, it helps me read! Thank you so much!
This music, healed my soul. Thank you. 
Yesssssssssssss
Beautiful music and amazing pictures that captured nature. Thank you for sharing.
      !!
Bless you, thank you so much for all of this beautiful music.....with love from my heart to yours and everyone here, whom obviously find peace here :) <3
        
Relaxing music really
Peder b Helland music!
Nature and music are part of my life. Nice combination love it..... .
Lovable music ........
Thanks for sharing this music .
Wow It's amazing Lovely
Leon walkthrough
Nature is my heart I love this music so muchplease update More videos
Beautiful and calming. Thank you.
Awesome
Thank you so much 
God bless 
Wonderful thanks a lot
Have a great day my dear Bhujima
So nice of you doing something like this
So Beautiful Relax music!!
its soo...... plesant that it is good for removing my stress
So peaceful...
It's so nice and beautiful relaxing music
Music is vibration and so are we, our souls speak in vibrations. Music is a universal language. It moves us. It unites us. I Know who you are. I know what you are. I know how you serve. You are free! You are free! You are free! 
Our morning should be great
It's really good
Amazing
You are really a good person.
BE Always like this.
thanks 
You right
Japan is real autumn .                                        I am listening to this music while hearing the songs of autumn insects that chirp with transient life .                                                                                   I will be drawn into the world of the deep meditation while listening to this sound .
From Tokyo of the Land of the Rising Sun .
Which national are you watching this video 
Splendid! Thank you so much for this great feeling!
Beautiful visuals
DELICIOSAMENTE TRANQUILIZANTE GRACIAS GRACIAS GRACIAS SALUDOS CORDIALES DE 
Tienes razn, muy hermosa musica. Saludos!
Realy relax feel
This song reminds me of God, our wonderful and Almighty creator. Jesus loves you!
Wonderfulllllllthank you
lovely
Soo relaxing nd peacefull
Best relaxing music ever!
. Lindo
Decide that no matter what happens, you will do what you set out to do. If you are determined, possible distractions will still be therebut you will continue on your path and remain undisturbed. Sankalpa (determination) is very important. You cannot change your circumstances, the world, or your society to suit you. But if you have strength and determination you can go through this procession of life very successfully.
UCTr_NTCrdgbpnIP5-MvIliA
The music and scenery is so beautiful and peaceful! It reminds me of when things were so simple! Oh, how I would love to go back to that time in my life! I could spend a lifetime enjoying all of God's creation and splendor!
Life without music would be a mistake
Beautiful 
I sleep to this everyday 
Karren davila
This is so buetiful i love it i really fell asleep
great wowrk of art
This is so beautiful. Thanks for sharing :)
Hello betifol vidio muzika love it every day thanks jou ingrid akkermans
this song makes me cry, it just reminds me how much life can be tough sometimes...
@Nour -_- thankyou my friend
@Spykee Brar ohh I feel sorry for you
Correct.... Reminds me my lost love
it helped me study
If you're reading this I wish you the best of luck in life!
Turner Lab Creations happy 2020 
What a nice comment! Thank you!
Thank you so much
Thanks for making me feel sleepy  last night I was asleep again thanks
Thank you.
If i could live in such nature...  and forgut every think! 
I was feeling really anxious today, and found this.... now I feel back to Earth, and calm. Thank you 
message me baby I can help you!
Beautiful, reminds me of a story about two lovers who become lost between worlds, but in the end they find themselves together in each others arms again.. dancing  and loving each other until the end of time in a world surrounded by souls they have saved from the darkness.
e' fiel...  ..a Deusmuitas dores
s deixaram foi muito sofrimento na minha vida e perseguio e ameaas tentando matar a mim e agrediram foi muito a mim e prezo injustamente e s deixaram muito sofrimento Deus  
e' Fiel...  ..
e Justias Federais  do Brasil
estou sentindo muita dores de coluna dores severas e chamando a 15 anos ou mais as Justias Federais do FBI e 
INTERPOL
gostaria em se cazar com vocea Deus   
se vocealcanccar-me e conseguir mim ver e segurar em minha mau e te digo te amoIrm te acho muito linda e boa mulher
Deus    que possue um carro camaro amarelo estou gostando muito de vocegostaria em te dizer que te amomuito tenho um grande bem a voce
Salgueiro-pe 02/07/2019.  02:33 da manh Euacho que te amoacho que estou gostando muito de vocesenhorita irm da igreja Assembleia de Deus   que possue um carro camaro amarelo quero te dizer que amovocete amomuito
Tavarese o Doutor Faustino Carvalhoe o Majorda NUPREV a Deus
tem umas pessoas tambm que so amigos muito mesmo que 
adoro gosto muito so ElezO Doutor Mereticimo Juiz Alencare o Doutor advogado Pedro tavares
e a mamaeDoutora Mereticima Juza Ana 
Ceciliaadoro muito voceis
coraoe umas delas que adoro gosto muito e' a mamaeGlria Menezes e a mamaetia de Vanbertinho e a mamaede seu larcerdae amamaeDoutora juza Ana Cecilia
Assim como Eugosto e adoro a minha verdadeira mamaeMaria Freire de Menezes carvalhogosto muito mesmo das minhas mamesadotivas do meu coracao
Thank you for this peaceful music in this hectic and crazy world we live in..Soon there will be peace like this all over the world in the new kingdom that is to come soon.
Magnifique que du bonheur bonne coute a tous 
2:52:00
this could probably make me fall asleep
Sooooooooooooooooooooo relaxing.
Very beautiful music thanks
GOOD MAN
Thank you so much for the music. It's so peaceful!
The    sleep   music   is   peaceful
I love this music so much and I focus so much better with it in the background in my office!!
Really relaxing
it's amazing
I watched the entire vid. Made me really calm. Ty!
Magnifico, Gracias, abrazo fuerte!!
Lembut.., menenangkan hati, pikiran dan perasaan..
Excelente msica, verdad?
Cool clip!
This music is for peoples with pure heart...
Very soothing
Guys why are you reading comments.....dont read comments and feel the music
Very nice....Thanks ...
Nature is my heart , 
Nature is my soul...
Nature is heaven,
Nature is whole. ...
20.6.2019/9.52am.
Beautiful video  I love nature 
Infinity like 
Im in deep dipression of break up this music is healing me
I love the music it's so beautiful and helpful for sleeping thx
The music is so beautiful and the photography is outstanding.
Really beautiful.
i am hurting all the time but this music helps me thank you sincerely Raven
*reads one book*
"I. Know. Everything.
You are hurting because you let your mind control your life, chatting continuesly,listen to Eckhart Tolle's audio book  "The power of now "  hope you are ready  for it.
It is amazing
So relaxing! Thank you!
So Nice of you
note to self do not listen while having fan on, you will immidiantly fall to sleep 10/10 relaxing music
So beautiful! Like music from heaven! God bless everyone:) 
I wrote about 5 stories listening to this
Thank You <3
it's excellent
super relaxing and it helps my mom not be stress out ill put this song on when my mom is stress out thank you
Very good melody but the vol is very low,even with my maximum vol it still low
Amazing vid!
truly amazing.
Thank You this is great music for relaxing, I  use this to make my 8 year old son calm... He battle to sleep, but since we use this music his sleeping partern already improving!
This is sooo beautiful, 
I love everything 
The music is so peaceful 
Thank you so much for sharing
Your gifted talents with all of us.
My name's Riley
so very relaxing and instead of studying more like sleep tho XD
Oswame relaxing sound  carry on 
Stop reading the comment listen this comfortable music 
Such a good study companion. I'm gonna ace my 66! Thank you!
                      
Thanks I enjoy a lot 
El amor pocas veces ofende pero cuando lo hace no existe comparacin alguna de aquellas que tal vez se puedan conocer; las nicas veces que se ofende el amor es cuando una persona tiene que cambiar para encajar, cambiar no es malo lo malo es cambiar esencias. 
It says it will make me focus wrongggg it makes me fall asleep HAHAHA
useful for letting out stress after a break up, thanks
Wow! So the music makes You happy?
lindo arranjo. me sinto calma e tranquila coloco todos os dias a noite ao dormir. direto , quando acordo com essa calmaria. grata. boa misso.
can i find this on spotify?
Peaceful, thanks
Thank you .
Wypierdalaj
This is just gorgeous. Thank you from the bottom of my heart... :)
Love 
Vdnhfbjgfhto whip utyoluurhhehhd
beautiful
Wow this is strangely peaceful finally found my night time relaxation music will save this
very relaxing music
This really good music to start your morning positive and productive.  my brain just calm me down.
Ooooooooooooooooooopo
99 or 99oo999
Pop o
Ooooooooo9ooooooooooooooooooooo9ooooooooooooooooooo
You are beautiful 
You are nice
You are kind
You are loyal
You are the best
You are the favorite 
You are my friend
You are ANYTHING
Thanks for this relaxing music and helped me a lot. Got blesses you.
Love this music! Blessings for helping me find the peace 
I agry wow
Very nice and relaxing 
Lovely, Thank you!
This bolted to my top 10 song list
Because of you I can sleep beter now and Im not gonna have tous stay asleep all day
The sounds of nature mixed with the piano are an amazing combination   keep up the good work
Hai im from malaysia..btw terbaiklah..
Wonderful music very relaxing.... Very beautiful pictures, nature...   Wonderful creation !!  Thank you so much OCB Relax Music 
The video is beautiful too.
I love the birds chirping in with the music It's peaceful & loving.
so so relaxing ah
Wow beautiful! The sounds of nature and beautiful piano music; a wonderful combination. Would you agree with me and say that this work really nice together and that this track is wonderful? Keep up the good work and saying "Hi from Saint Lucia".
Hi from planet earth!!!!!!
I agree 100% and saying Hi from  Doral.
Fantastic!!!!! cheers!!!!
Simply amazing..thank you
this song helps me a lot with school work
This is definitely one of my favourites! Thank you! Never give up!
This makes me think about my teacher which I will be leaving
It makes me cry 
LOVE this. So relaxing can use this to meditate and good for my anxiety. Only thing im falling asleep at my desk right now. haha
<33333
Love it 
Very good clip!
Morning Beautiful relaxing music
thanks for the help with my anxiety, drew a little while i listened. i feel much better now :)
THIS IS AMAZING <3
Fantastic video!
wow that is really great for my morning work.Thank alot for make it
It was so relaxing... thank you 
Amazing, awesome, this really helps,
like it
Sounds beautiful! Random question, but what reverb are you using on the piano here?
"The Angelic Presence that is here will respond to the yearning of the heart and the soul. They will respond to what is truly being communicated and expressed through your requests and through your prayers. You may think you want your business to work, or for some outcome to happen for a certain person, but really it is often about something else. For at the basis of your request is the desire to be reconnected to the power and presence of God within yourself, and the Power and Presence of God that exists within this worldin people and beyond people, all the way into the Angelic Presence.
You may ask God for a favor or a miracle, but the deeper request really is to become connected because once you are connected to Knowledge within yourself, then God can speak to you through Knowledge. The Will of God speaks to you. It is not as if God leaves the universe and comes to whisper in your ears. It is the Will and the Intention of God, directed by the Angelic Presence here on Earth, that communicates to you through Knowledge.
People may be very confused about what Knowledge is because they are thinking of it in terms of psychology or their understanding of religion. But essentially, Knowledge is the deeper mind within you, through which Gods Will can communicate to you and guide you.
God has imbued you with a deeper consciencefar deeper and more pervasive this is than your social conscience, which has been established by your family, your society and your religious training, if you have had religious training. There is a deeper sense of what is right and wrong, what is true and untrue, what is just and what is unjust, that goes beyond your social conditioning and the expectations of others.
[...]
The Will of God flows through the Angelic Presence, and all the levels of the Angelic Presence, and flows through Knowledge within the individual and expresses itself there. Just like life force expresses itself in the plants and the animals, with each beat of your heart, and each breath that you take, Gods Will permeates everythingfinding avenues of expression, translating through levels of relationships."
The New Message from God
If this passage speaks to you, please feel free to explore the New Message at newmessage dot org.
@Matthew Horn Thank you
@Audry Koh Thank you so much for sharing. The New Message is a vast wellspring of wisdom sent by God through the Angelic Assembly that watches over the Earth, sent for the spiritual renewal of a struggling and fractured humanity. Immerse yourself in the Revelation at newmessage dot org--and let your soul be refreshed.
i believe what you have mentioned as it happened to me...our life is different from God's plan but what i understand, God's will is for us to be nearer to Him and to understand His will is for our good.  Praise the Lord for His grace and mercy.
feeling relaxed
Voc nem precisa prestar ateno... tudo frui, criando uma maravilhasa  calmaria ao seu redor.
Pebus!
Love it
God is the creator of all. He created how we should THINK about things and when looking at nature it makes me feel so
good the think about it right! I like the travels through nature and the kind music. Thank you.
Oh my it fixed my head so much ty for this music
Musics with natural sounds really help getting rid of depressions.
Hermoso
Divno !!!!!
97 people who disliked it, 97 people who doesn't even know what the words relaxing music means.
Oh so Beautiful.
this is more like a sad peacefull music but i love it it get rid of my stress
desi amalia  Its a sadly music for me. It made me cry...
!!!!!!
This afternoon i will do my physics GCSE.
Its really hard to *watch* this video, when you know, what is *really* going on with the nature right now....god help us all
Just smile over what we have, when you are positive, you have already won the battle
NOTHING IS BEST THEN NATURE
not nase
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I love it.This is fabulous!
Ozbeklardanam bormi bunday ajoyibotni eshitadiganlar
I Love Music Wonderful Relaxant , 
Superb 
Thank you for your beautiful music.
From the hometown the Steelers 4 time winners, I thank you and I behold the beauty that you spread all over the world especially from the people that make comments comment you do a beautiful job thank you so much for having us music on my name is Miracle and I'm a Child of God
Such beautiful music, thank you
attract to the cover photo first then the music after....
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow
Muito legal gostei de mais!!!
Beutiful music love
It's Perfect to play on back Ground to make you Calm and Relax,  Give you chance to Reflect and Pray to Strength your Relationship with God. I use while reading my Bible App. Thank you for great music !
MARAVILHOSO RESPIRAMOS PAZ   I PURA TRANGUILIDADE
Si! Esa musica es incredible!
amazing music
SIMPLY SUPERBJ'ADORE 
Good music.
NEM Melissa  ....Rebeka...
Beautifull videos,and music..:) :)Rebeka MJUS 20 17:45
Absolutely beautiful<3
So beautiful 
wow It's Beautyfull
thanks
THANK YOU OCB RELAX MUSIC   
What a beautiful  and relaxing  music...
Thanks u  
U safe  me
So cool
Love the movie of wild flowers!
fantastico
When I realize this is the music from school my teacher uses at AR reading
Me: ILLUMINATE TAKE ME AND THIS PRECIOUS DISCOVERY!
Beautiful and lovely the view and sound  
Suggestive atmosfere.......
...emozionante il  volo della farfalla,...al ritmo del piano......
Piano songs is beautiful!! 
The piano is so so lovely!!
Que du bonheur bon week-end 
Superbbb music
Wonderfol vidio muzika thanks ingrid akkermans
Time to calm down and reflect have faith pray and thankyoux
your right i always listen to this to relax my mind and sleep and as a night owl it helps me get to my school on time
Angela Giffin  your rint
Gratido pelos belos vdeos.
Beautiful Thank you  Hungary
En is Magyarorszagrol hallgatom 
Hi thank you?
Respiro o som, viajo na cor ... Melodia com cheiro de amor ...
And .. YOUTUBE NEEDS A TRANSLATOR!!!
Beautiful music <3
Please watch our Gender Reveal Video
https://youtu.be/7PyL-bxhfNs
Team boy
Team girl
I'm team 
So  gosto  quando  e  menina
6:48 The miz!!!! Awesome!!!
6:45 the miz and marise from WWE
5:35 oh my gosh the kid who got another sister was so done with it 
https://youtu.be/qqDJ7l3siKQ
Sharing my simple gender reveal to my hubby https://youtu.be/1lvv_qE2Jdw
The second guy so funny
Boy am I the only one who feels bad for the baby when it's in the mommy while there dancing
My mom in 2 months is gonna have a baby brother and I already have 2 sisters XD
Congradulations cor everyboy.   Que Diosito hermoso los bendigan Amn 
1:00 What was it a Boy or. A. girls
Tem uns muito idiota.
where to do test any contact no. or address
Small man at 5:35 
Dude at 0.45 hilarious awww
Aqu dndome ideas de como har mi fiestta de revelacion de sexo cuando tenga un hijo xd
Good    to   be   me   georgina   or   gg   or    gigi, 
Team GIRL 
I want a man from GHANA
Miz and Maryse
Check out our guys!! https://youtu.be/QC5aNi21Y1I
5:31 is me an I have two sisters am I wonted a brother to play games with because girls dont care about playing games an being rough
I'll be sad to if I got a girl for my family member
How you do babeeeeee
Were having our first baby and Preston cried at the gender reveal. Never seen a reveal like ours before. Check it out. https://youtu.be/5DiphPkhd-E
5:25  the boy: *NOOOO NO MORE SISTERS!!!!!!*
ILove Girl
Idk what's so bad about having multiple younger sister. You could have so much fun with their boyfriends. However I would be very aware of the month.
And that's at 6:56
The one was WWE The Miz and his wife Maryse
Me encanto todas las reacciones jajaja
1:49 not even i get THAT exited for food
3:07 ight imma head out
Will my baby have a pepe or poopoo who knows
These suck and made me infertile
I got so busy congratulations daddy and mommy 
That magician looks like Maradona. 
5:28 cuando quieres a un hermano pero sale otra hermana 
Y uno aqu naci sin que sus padres sepan si es chico o chica
The Miz and Maryse 
I was obsessed with these while planning my reveal! 
https://youtu.be/kFF5zMH6B4k
3:25 
Doing my gender reveal on the 27th
5:32 when you know that you need to have one More annoying sister!q
Its interesting, but I feel like all those, crazy, unique ones are really just the adult version of those dumb, over-the-top promposals that the popular kids do in high school.
Goes to show that some people dont really change after high school
To be honest they really just attack each other
The Best 1:20
I'm from Brazil 0:08
6:43 The Miz AWESOME
1 ,2,3 am gril what boy
All this insanity in order to reveal the sex of the child I wished if I were in their place and celebrated me 
this is just non sense to me.. wtf
Marisse wwe sera
teacher: what's the definition of sexism?
me: showing him this video
So the result of this stupidity is A-everyone screams like idiots for a boy or B-everyone screams like idiots for a girl. Whats the point? These. Must. Stop.
https://youtu.be/f4Jso3x4BrI
8:13 
That is the coolest gender reveal
Bsmllah dinit din
why is this necessary though
Why is it such a big deal? I don't get it
Soooo what if their having twins and one of them doesnt know? Do they show both colors
y los q queran el otro sexo?? Porq hay personas q suean con una princesita toda su vida,,y de verdad no quieren mas varones o los q quieren varones porq tienen ya muchas hembras,,pienso q muchos gritan simulando alegra ante sus amistades y familias,. y en verdad deseaban el otro sexo,,es verdad q un hijo ya es un regalo hermoso,,pero siendo sincera,,cuando no te llega del sexo q deseabas,,ese momento ya no es tan feliz como lo soaste,,gritas,pero muchas pensando q ser para la prxima
The miz and maryse wwe Superstars 
so annoying when they find out its a girl and don't celebrate for it
Its kinda sad that most of the dad wasnt happy with daughter seems like they dont like whatever the baby is they will accept
Happy one year anniversary of this vid
**pink balloons start floating**
Kobe Bryant: FUCK!!!!!!
some people MAD some people HAPPY  but a MAN EXCITED for a GIRL NEVER SEEN before 
Lol the dude in number two lol that's how excited my boo will be when my next pregnancy is with a boy lol. . .
Who the hell would want a boy, thats gay
Great collection of baby gender reveal, lots of fun. I 've just posted our baby gender reveal and how they pranked me. I would love some support /feedback so please hit subscribe and check it out.  Many thanks in advance.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG538mujmPY
Disturbing
No one:
Literally no one:
Me at 5:51: you does anybody know what is the babys a boy or a girl or what exactly happened
Princess Lilo it was boy
Why r they so happy do they not know that they will probably switch genders midlife
6:12 scary but exciting and sad
SPLATOON 6:12
5:50 JAJA
4:04 IS THAT A TORNADO SIREN HOLY COW
nobody:
8:34 *kanye west*
Stop this gay ass shit, millennials. Just TELL people the gender.
Mucjas felidades boy
Ewww i hate baby ewww grosss
You were a baby once
Their expressions make me smile
5:27 YO QUERIA UN HERMANO !!!
En el minuto 5 : 50 me cage de risa
Just think of cleaning all that confeti
All fun in games until the kid is a teen 
4:05 I dont get it! Do they have a boy and a girl
0:20 poor little guy was like wtf
Its so rare that a dad gets excited when its a girl that when it  happens I get so emOTIONAL
Stupid shit
How's it stupid
0:48 
All of this extra parties for what ? Whats the purpose ? They know they will have a boy or a girl whats the big deal ? The women are just happy they have the babys  father next to them thats all! 
Most of these people in the video would be separated/divorced before the child reach age 6 !
I feel like its a true girls world with these gender reveals
Congrats
I wonder if somebody had tripplets what color would it turn
5:28 Gonna be my reaction when I see its a girl
Wtf is going on, they get high or something?
5:30 Bad luck for that brother. He will always be a minority.
5:29    
For the women who are complaining about men not being happy with a baby girl, well this is exactly why, a lot of complaining. We just want a mini version of us, some one we can relate to coz most of our younger years as men are over. We just want a bestfriend again,  someone we can watch sports with, play sports or video games with, drink beer with,  talk about women etc. In all honesty how does a man relate to a woman? Its very hard what do we do? Tea parties and braiding hairs? Its not that were not happy were getting a girl,  its just that women are very hard to relate to.
0:44 the dad was sooooooooo happy when he was having a baby boy
8:59 they must have scared that dog
Who wants a girl or boy link down
I want a girl
Payaso
Purple smoke/balloons
lol my dad didn't want me to be a girl 
he was disappointed
0:36 that's me when I find out I have no homework 
Aww so sweet! I love how the parents are so happy!
Check out our party video as welll :) https://youtu.be/RNFXnzafXsk
6:44 MIZ AND MARYSE 
8:34 KANYE WEST hahahahahhaha
Soy la unica que es Argentina y que v3 estas cosas en el 2019 ??
Nadie yo nomas?
Who puts the color in the items? The doctors? What?
Aw the second one 
About all this gender reveals, i wonder what would be the situation (color...), if the baby was HERMAPHRODITE.  (intersex)
Wait...what?!...what that mean?! 
I'm just kidding>>2nd degre.
5:49 xdd
KATTY 
1:50 "unfortunately the babys dad couldnt survive he broke his spin and head while all of the basket team fell on him :("
That happy dance tho
Rip my ears
We did a gender reveal and I got a baby brother
It kinda feels like everyone one wants a girl and it goes in the opposite direction if it's a boy
5:29 is such a mood
The flying balloons are bad for the environment
Whats the point of gender reveal if theyre going to identify themselves as penguins in the future
It's a boy= Guy's go nuts and tackle each other down or into the pool.
It's a girl= Girl's get all excited and Scream men just smile and stand not happy.
6:47 *it's actually the miz and maryse from wwe!!*
Share this gender reveal! 
https://youtu.be/_9a2Iih1JXk
3:06 when he ran off 
8:05, best one ever
3:08 literally just jumped off the distance
3:53 Poor guy popped the air LOL
1:06 el NICO que se super emociona por tener un "nia"
Some of these are mad weird 
17:16 what a unique type of gender reveal
I love the dad's who get excited when they find out they are having a girl! Get excited for both because child are a blessing! My dad left me in the hospital because I wasn't a boy and he wanted a son! I'm better off without that baster
The second one the man got exetied and i saw poor man he want a boy put whene they open it he was happy i was hapy what was his reaction
I love 8:13 & that bowling ball 1.
But man dat poor dog in a box.
The kid at 5:31 is me every time when the alarm goes off for school
5:26 yup that boy will be upset xD
0:10 who the hell cuts a cake like that
For me 8:05 is the best 
I liked the dancing one where the guys outfit lit up pink. That was really cool and original!!
1:57 that man in the basketball uniform at the end was like these men are my bed  and just plopped himself onto them
5:37 
That dog at 9:45 though!! His butt wiggles when he's happy!  What a damn cutie!! 
Ive got 2 months i cant WAIT
1:04 "It's a boy"
*pink smoke intensifies*
It's a boy
It's red
6:35 first dad who isnt excited about having a son
I love seeing dads that truly want little girls !  my boyfriend is praying for a little girl now
0:26 you could tell its a boy because if you look carefully on the right side it says BOY
What a great video! I wish all of these family's have a beautiful and   happy life! God bless them! 
Me when I watch these
_Am I even gonna get married ;-;_
https://youtu.be/07B9lMnkeeg watch our version of gender reveal, Hope you like it 
1:07 the first man I seen that really wants a girl but I am to young to try 11
Dear aliens: humanity. So sorry.
Can we have the traditional baby gender reveal back pleaseeeee??? This is too much!
You can
Woowwww so over the top! Lolll 
Praise Him
Certo che i padri quando vedono il celeste impazziscono...poi per muoiono per le figlie femmine!
Omg the miz and maryse
I kinda understand why the boys dont want girls... they gonna get smashed one day...
6:47 any notice wwe superstar mike and maryse mizman I watch wwe
My wife and I are expecting another baby, we have a 3 year old son we want a girl but as long as is a healthy baby it doesn't matter please keep us in your prayers thanks  God bless 
God bless you
4:04 R.I.P headphone users 
i would be happy with either
How came here to see kids cry
I love waching gender reaveals.       Also like if ur a girl and coment if ur a boy like me
THE CAT AT 9 MINUTES LMAO
lol Im here from 2019 but is it just me or would I be happy if it was a boy or a girl when my mom told me?
I hate it how the first one the girl jumped like B**** YOU HAVE A BABY IN YOUR BELLY!!!
Can u imagine how disappointed the guy at 0:35 would have been if it was a girl 
Why are they shouting??? WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1:49 they all knock him down
7:24 this how extra i want to be
     
These are pretty cool and creative
Ahh how adorable! He so wanted a daughter 
7:02 how did they do that?
Am i the only dad that excited for a baby girl??
https://youtu.be/nsL7kKTOVIw
Wwe miz and maryse is
Balloon poops and cake cutting and cupcakes are so common now :-: now its so depressing
How's that depressing?
5:32  When  I lose to a game
It's a boy cue the tackling!
I find it so cute that a good chunk of the time, the dad is super excited with either boy or girl. On one hand, if its a boy, hes probably thinking Ah yeah, Im gonna have junior to take to games and go fishing, while with girls its Im gonna protect this little angel with my life and treat her like a princess. Its always nice to see when both parents are equally excited about the reveal.
5:33 why is there always at least 1 kid that dousnt like the gender and starts to cry i mean just be happy that youre able to have another sibling!
Because they're kids
0:42       
https://youtu.be/7jEq0imF7-o this was our reveal!
for people who don't want to do it as big, i made an app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brandon.GenderReveal just hook it up to the tv and let the 30 second countdown begin for your friends and family to see or simply just screen record your phone of the app countdown and share it on facebook :)
5:28 when you didnt get what you wanted for Christmas
If again another girl I'm all like (nope see ya later ima be like I did not know
You know the vids where it's the kids who get the suprise well one of them is upset yeah that's kinda me but I dont cry if it's a girl I dont pay attention to them If they cry or need something if it's a boy I'm all
 in cuz I always wanted a  brother and I would do anything dont blame me I have 3 sister and want a brother
Kanye West :))))))))))
Felices porque es Nio y pero se les olvida la identidad de gnero
Imagine doing this the. Your kids trans
1:05 
Nobody....
Karen:its a boyy
2:16 
*id probably laugh if the motorcycle started moving, and just crashed into the fence...*
*some send help please*
8:32 
*umm someone also said kayne west for no reason*
3:15 imagine if he ran into the pond
0:39 he did the Danielle Cohn
no sei como vim parar aqui kkkkk
super emocionada 
Get your gender reveal balloon here, with fast delivery from Ebay (UK shipping only) : 
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.co.uk%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F362701202516
Awww that little boy in the corner of the first 1 just stood there  Idk why I found it so cute.
Yet another stupid excuse to waste money and time. Wait until u have the bloody baby. So much can go wrong
You can do that, some people want to have fun in the process.
Hater
1:50 Is he still alive ??
First reveal will triggers you being an oc
8:57 POOR DOGGY U CANNOT DO THAT TO A LIVING ANIMAL?!!!
Some of these are so over the top, why would anyone care what gender baby youre having unless you are close family.
Hater
0:39 
I feel bad for 5:43 that lady hit her nose
So lucky to have the tower coloured
5:30 I feel so bad for him
I guess people get more excited when its a boy
Im to young to be a mom 
Im to young to be a mom 
Im to young to be a mom 
Im to young to be a mom 
Im to young to be a mom
NEVER EVER try the string box thing.It never goes well
Right?!? Why do people keep doing this?? Research! Save yourself the LITERAL headache! LOL
3:15 did anyone else think he was finna jump in the lake. 
M Zazzy paper me
A cake is a *unique* shower idea?
I mean yeah the guys arent that happy if its a girl..but lets face it. If its a boy, the mother isnt that excited either you can tell. Its just natural but everyone is bashing guys for looking " sad" to have a girl. Moms do the same thing with having boys. Really!
How amma behave when I have get a boy
Boys=less work
I got pregnant at 13 years old
It seems that fathers are more exited for boys
Min 8:56 the dog ran for his life 
These babies gonna die if these pregnant women keep jumping like that XD
6:50, talk about all out for a gender reveal..
I love the ones where they get the dogs involved
When it's two colours does that mean two babies sorry if that's a dumb question
Klass
7:03 dang I cant imagine how much that costed
*cost
1:57 they took the man down
OMG miz in Maurice was on here in they from wwe
Alguien que hable espaol ????? Nadie .....
what background music was playing at 5:18
GIRLS!!!!
We run the world
Is it me or did I hear someone say
KONEA WEST
(I dont know how to spell it so dont hate)
0:36 when it's graduation day and lasts more than 11 hours of chaos
5:31 that when i new that i was getting a another baby sistes
I have 4 baby sisters 
Like pls
8:57 is no one Gonna talk about how cute that dog was
Congrats
Do yall watch these and be like that right hugging scares me
Is purple for a girl or a boy?
0:37 que reao foi essa kkkkkkklllkkkkkk
I love babys
you should show the end of the failed videos too
Miz and Maryes 
6:44 is that the miz?
Parents: We did the gender reveal all for you and you decided to be transgender?
Child: My gender is in my brain tho so why waste it on my genitals?
0:54 the guy is excited
1:15 where is this smoke bomb from?!?!?!
5:35 poor guy he wants a boy 
2019 anyone
Notice that in every single one of these gender reveled someone has to say I knew it!
H3H3 totally used this video for their reaction. lol
1:29 Boy? Girl? NOPE WE'RE HAVING A BEAUTY GURU!!!! 
Aqu podemos ver que el hombre de emociona ms cuando va hacer nio
Poor dog 
What do you want more?
Girl=like
Boy=Comment
I don't care about gender =like,comment
Boy and girl=like,comment
Alguien por aqui habla espaol 
se que nadie habla 
that poor little boy 
The Cinderella one was Miz from WWE
Democrats would have nothing come out of the boxes...
Es que je suis la seul francaise a regarder la video
Reponder moi svp
Boys in mind when they have a girl: fake it till u make it
0:41  well praise my brother, he caught the Holy Ghost  hallelujah
What color if the child is a trans?
Zeeshan Naqvi blue or pink lol
6:50 miz and maryse
5:49 an no nace y ya da dolor de cabeza 
I dont understand these videos
At 3:34 IDK if the guy was happy for a girl or sad it wasn't a bay
Congrats!
You: wut do u mean??
Me:imean them who haves a baby
5:33 that better not be me with another boy
7:02 Wonder how much that costed... probably 100K at the least
5:28 el nio ya estaba harto de tantas nias 
6:43 wait a second that's the Miz!!!
Recuerdos para  beibi chau
https://youtu.be/1dOtszOnwGg
#2 blue...... Thats hard...
On the 49 second mark the dude starts dancing and I think Fortnite  is going to find this video and make it into a Fortnite emote maybe is already a Fortnite emote I don't know, tell if it is already a Fortnite emote
when I grow up I want a baby so bad... But come to think of it... I have to wait and push da baby out and.. I'M TOOOO YUNG
The Miz and maryeess is at 6:43
What do u guys want when u have children   or 
5:41 the boy was my cousin 
6:38 its like these two that are jumping are having the baby HAHAHAH AW
Literally that's what I thought.
*It's a gay*   
0:40 when he started dancing though
That made me smile
Lol! The men when they get a boy!!
At 49 seconds it was funny
Unique?
6:24 lmao wear some underwear that you can't see
https://youtu.be/vbXK24TzkJM
OMG lol 0_0
Wait! Are these CELEBRITYS?
How is it snowing inside in this one? 2:02
Knowing the sex of your baby should be banned.
Haha that the Miz @6:45 
Like... girl
Comment... boy
The boys reaction at 5:35 made my day for some reason
the disappointment on his face and he internally dying.
1:02 what is the gender I couldnt see it I think it was a boy
5:32  omg look at the boy he is so sad 
niebieskie nieee
dziewczy
I love this kind of culture
6:43 the miz
I love 1:03
Please watch and subscribe to our page and video. We are starting a baby vlog!!
https://youtu.be/hzIU74kowdo
7:12 how much money did that cost? That's the empire State building!!!!?????
ITS H&M 
Most likely some worked in their and is a high leader in there
It is kaynye west
#whowatchedthisin2019
#genderreavelsideas
0:41 best one
*poor cat..*
0:46 om the boy justhavingfun?
Imagine popping a gender reveal balloon, and all the confetti is pink, white, purple, black, and blue 
Imagine popping a gender reveal balloon, and all the confetti is pink, white, purple, black, and blue 
Can you tell me how to enable ppl to submit videos? how you created the link. Is it a Google feature? Thanks.
@2M Baby Gender Reveals ok, thanks. I see you have to pay $1.99 a month for 100gb of space?
5:31 poor child
0:36 i really wanted to see his face when he got a girl.
I love watching this ,, it gets me excited,,it makes me cry watching this videos ,,, if oneday I get pregnant Ill do this and be so happy and have happy tears 
The man at 00:43
1:50 the reason why I dont like playing basketball when Im doing a gender reveal
Can this video be used as proof against evolution?
Me chocking on water 2:22
So sad
How so many men just make this about jumping around like clowns 
instead of embracing their spouse and hugging and congratulating 
them, no mater what gender. Just making it a show about themselves.
Besides, guys, don't make it that obvious that you want a boy. 
Really embarrassing
0.45 thoes look like church moves 
If I was pregnant and I was having a son and I found out at my gender reveal party I would be so excited!!!! And if I found out I was having a daughter I'd be like "F**k." because I already have 2 sisters and I don't want to be around anymore girls.
Guys wanting boys only are part of what is wrong in this world !
Im pregnant with baby #2 and for some reason these videos make me emotional 
6:58 thats the Miz and Maryse from WEE
Legal a forma que os estrangeiros manifestam essa surpresa de saber sexo do beb. 
It works like this;
If its a boy- Everyone congratulates the father
If its a female-everyone congratulates the mother
These fill me with such joy 
0:36 me when I get over 60 on my math test...
3:26 a purple??
Transgender????
No it's Nation Girl
https://youtu.be/1sFkOegilbw
Hello
10 boys 21 girls
2019 ????
The miz and Marse were there they are wwe fighters
Omg the poor puppy
             
Lame asfff
Omg, The Miz And Maryse 
5:30 the kid is so cute!
Los del 6.46 no son de la wwe y se lleva mal con Jhon cena
The miz and Maris was awesome
balela lquido siesbonito
Quebonito 
How does the bowling one work???
What does purple mean i thought it was pink
These 'Gender' Reveal parties make me sad now 'cause they make for way too much expectation. Also, the ones with the doggies are really cute but I feel badly for the first one 'cause he/she seemed terrified.
Um, I couldn't really tell but one of them was purple. Does that mean twins of both genders?
0:40 lol
The thing is..
Im 12..
And i enjoy watching this thing?
The basketball one was so cute and sweet
THESE ARE GORGEOUS
why is no one talking about 3:19
Are you assuming thileir genders?
Yay. No more good sleep.
0:01 WHO THE HELL CUTS CAKE LIKE THAT
3:25 when the daughter watches the video in the future: 
*Girl*: you didnt like me before I was even born dad!
he cried cus he was so happy !
Um ok it says happy new year in the beginning of the video but it was posted in November ...
I wanted to cry tbh
" Kanye West " 
I bet a lot of these eventually ended in miscarriages.  They should do a miscarriage reveal with balloons full of blood and meat.
I love the baby gender reveals that the mom and dads are happy no matter the gender
Why the fuck they always screaming
soy la unica que hablo espaol 
I didn't get the two box ones until I realised it was gains and they were girls
All the kids that where crying because they wanted a girl for example and got a boy would end up loving her or him just watch
Dog he like me boy so u better have a boy
5:27 F for that boy
"It's a boy " wooooaaww yeahhh
"ts A girl" wooooaaww yeHhhh.
So, It s enough to be healthy.
Thanks for this video so I can tell my mum about theses ideas cause she pregnant omg I want it to be a girl cause I already have one lil bro and I dont want an other one like HELL NO ONE IS ENOUGH 
The second one, the dad really made me laugh
5:28 THE KID THO HAHAHA
look at this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h02WrvANbY
At 1:57 the dude was just like  ok i am just gonna sit. Oh ya ok i am sitting now ya know how long is this gonna last?
2:05 oh my God twins  really !?
It's nice to see dad's happy to have a girl.
5:45 was the best reveal
I love motorcycle gender reveals
0:23 blue baby  Baby blue!! B L U E! 
con este video solo me dan ganas de tener otro bebe jajaja bueno tal vez solo hacer una revelacion :)
who came here from h3h3?
Did you just assume their gender?
I can send the butt hurt gender equality ppl coming
Who cuts cake like that...the first video made me mad
What do you call that pink "smoke? "
The reason husbands dont like baby girls is bc they have to deal with the dude they bring home pffff
Its basic biology that happens millions of times every day. Its not unique enough to warrant a special party to tell everyone what the gender is. Really... nobody with a working brain cares. Thats what registries are for. Stupid humans.
why are gender reveals or anything like that even a thing?
that baby is gonna hate their parents anyway in like 16 years but they are making a whole party for them yikes
Why do i feel like they are more excited when its a boy
Meu sonho  um bb menino
Why do kids cry over these things
Why would it matter if it is a boy or girl? What a stupid tradition is this. Animals are better than these stupid humans.
i agree
The bowling one and the dog were so cool
       
Imagine being the kid and years later you see your gender reveal lol
5:33 lmfaoo
Hey check out my Gender Reveal on my channel
Too Many girls. Wow! 
The light on top of the building was cool as shit
The one with the little puppy is not nice at all.
yall see that giraffe at 3:15
In 5:43 that was a fail and why does it say BEST  poor women  she started  to  cry
I think she cry
These gender reveals parties are such a bad idea. As evidenced in so many of these clips, men are rarely as delighted to be having a daughter as a son. Sucks to be a disappointment before you're even born.
yeah its sad
Karas Aunty Theyre gonna find out the gender one way or another and its better to throw a gender reveal before the baby shower so people know what to expect. Besides, speaking to a lot of pregnant women, the mothers also prefer boys to girls. Its not just the dads but the moms. And to mirror that Ive also seen a lot of fathers to be who want girls instead of boys as well. Just because a few people prefer to have sons to daughters in literally one compilation doesnt really set a precedent. There would be a lot more surveying to be done to say that there is a hard boy lean among fathers. 
This is hardly evidence. Just like how seeing a bunch of people on tumblr claiming to be angelkin does not make them angels. Its a claim based on a misinterpretation of reality and nothing more. Exactly what you are doing.
idk why but the ones with only the wife and husband and maybe a child or 2 or 3 make me sad..
What does purple mean lol
0.49 happy feet
Why are there so many girls in this new generation??
0:37 is me when school is finally over
DID ANYONE come here from JianHao Tan?
lol poor boy XD 5:30
lMAOO EVERY GUY WITH PINK POWDER IS CRYING I CAN'T :(
5:49 is she crying
~what if some of them blind colour~ wow I'm so happy for them
Irgendwie sind die Mnner da voll albern
People scream and are happy regardless of what gender it is, it's not like the crowd goes all quiet and people are like ' damn, that sux...you're having a girl, what a shame'
6:43 The Miz and Maryse
0:14 who the heck cuts a cake like that?!?
Check out my familys channel! To see our Gender Reveal  https://youtu.be/uUS-gBMTIOQ
in the 2nd one he caught the holy ghost 
8:59 
*UM EXCUSE ME DID YOU JUST IT'S GENDER!!*
Why do these always make me cry
Awesome video, super exiting moments  . Check out my friends reveal party. It was really nice too.. thanks for this videos https://youtu.be/076oOfyZSIA
Yo soy ese comentario espaol que buscas
These are awesome.lol 
Wait was that DC Yong fly 
1:51 when you bring gum to school
Some dads dont want a girl, but it doesnt matter what gender it is! It matters if the baby is born healthy.
If my future husband wont react like 00:36 I will ask for a divorce
5:28 tho 
Wow awesome video
2:47 HOT MAMA THAT ASS
0:40 
Ethan and Hila?
1:07 FINALLY a Dad thats actually happy to have a daughter.  Made me so happy
@nick Taylor they are just joking and all 
Thats a lady...
Unlike the father at 1:45 lmao loser
Kuhn x ClassicZ Unfoirnately not all of them are :(
Yeah, but theres no way all that smoke is good for her...
I got Lots of these in my recommendations since a few weeks.... today my cousin told everyone that he is gonna be a dad... YouTube knew...
5:24 lol
9:24 ITS A BALL
Omg! I want a gender reveal so bad when I'm pregnant.but I would want it to be a boy cause if I have a nother child I would want it to be an older 
Dad: I dont care what gender it is
*opens box and its a boy*
YES YES YES IT A BOOOOOOOOY YEEEEEEEEAAAAAHHHH F* YA
SO BEAUTIFUL 
What kind of MONSTER cuts a cake the way that woman did in the first video?
Um why you keep putting girl in many baby reveals
     
O did not know the mzzzz would be up to there having a baby gitl I saw the so you can't say nothing boys or girls comerial
7:20 ok thats so fucking cool
pobre nio otra hermana 5:33
I saw wwe people Miz and Mrs
6:46 is WWE Superstars Miz and Maryse
2:49 no entiendo porque la madre habr la caja si sabe que es y lo mismo con algunas demoras
If you do not want your baby's eyes to get wet in the shower, check out this product.
Here it is: https://www.ebay.com/itm/Baby-bath-shower-Hair-Shield-Hat-Soft-Adjustable-Bath-Wash-Hair-Shield-Hat-/333159183112
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1XYlfLRo1ebeSTQlttY0tw suscrbete
5:23 hahaha pobre chico
...fucking idiots, nobody gives a shit what the gender of your ugly ass ratchet is...
se lo copiaron a kimberli loaiza
9:38 que bonito perritooooo
These were a bunch of original ideas which is amazing!
i like the second one the dad is so very funny and exited
5:30 thank me later
The boy at 0
I love how they get so excited even tho they know izza baby
Hey OMG Toy boy and girl hope You Pierri
How did the parents not know the gender?
De todas me encanto la de kimberly
Porque el azul tiene que ser para varones y el rosado para nenas? Hay que romper todos estos estereotipos
So ummmm...anyone wanna come over and give me a baby
esto es real mente tonto
Es igual de de kinberly loaiza ballan asu canal y miren
5:39 pobre el niito xd
So beautiful 
Me dio risa el baile del tipo 
Lol no guy wants a girl
Cuando salan los papeles negros de la calabaza, alguien dijo "Kanye West"
01:52 pobre
3:16 does anyone else see the giraffe 
Shelby Jackson LOL
0:39 *Cuando pasas el semestre*
Hey guys, remember this?
Doctor: It's a boy/girl
Yuppp
KATTY  .
      YOU
Whats the point ? Whats the point of doing a gender reveal party and jump in exitment ? What people do for attention, whats sad is that if those people were told they cant record their little BS party I bet they wont even do it ! 
And the reality is most of these couples wont even last after the babies are born lol
Espaoul porfavour??
Quien lo esta viendo en el 2019?
3:26 como cuando es un fake jajaja
Pobre seora Se le callo el regalo en la cara  jajajaj
vengo aqui por kimberly loaiza
Oooo Kimberly Loaiza vio estos videos para poder hacer tambin la revelacin del sexo del bb
Me encanto el de 8:07 
la de los globos morados fue un fake total jajajaja
Tiene que salir aqui la de juan y kim
Ninguno como el de jukilop <3
Les falta el de kimberly loaiza y jd pantoja
Like si vienes por Juan de dios, y Kim :)
Tudo lindo parabns!
Fico imaginando esse momento to especial, sou tentante a 10anos e vibro com essa beno.
El segundo esta haciendo el baile de bts
7:23 
De aqui saco las ideas kimberly Loaiza de su baby shower
@Francisca Flrez a ti tampoco
@Liliaralda nadie te dijo q te metieras 
@Francisca Flrez por que hay gente que tiene algo que se llama...
VIDA!!
Ya salio  es NIA .... Yo no se porque  hay gente q no se conecta con youtube
8:58 pobre perritojaja lo espantan
][ LOVE YOU
Firme min 46
En el minuto 10:12  pobre nio quera un Barn 
En el minuto 5:36se derrumb el mundo del nio
2:20 that one is so unique
Que lindo
8:58 el animalito se asusto con los gritos y corri 
The basket ball one felt like someone farted
Girls run the world it was mostly girls
So cute
a bit of blue or pink stuff: exists 
Adults: OOOOOOOOOOMMG YESSSSSSSS
Que ermoso
Hey gusss Kansas
What does purple mean?
I'm to youg
Y el de Kimberly Loaiza pa cuando 
es lo que pense amiga
ESTA EN SU CANAL ES NIA
Ya es una linduritaaaaaaa
@Francisca Flrez uhh que jenio
Mija conectate ya salio el video y es NIA
Jaja la seora tir la caja y se peg y se puso a llorar 
1:10 i bet he is an amazing father!
Imagine you do a gender reveal and it's wrong 
Kaitlynn Henderson my biggest fear
0:46 wtf ksksksj
Para Kimberly Loaiza 
8:57 that poor dog
This made me cry
1:05 First time I've seen a dude THAT excited for a girl.
I think he was just happy because he was right
Kat and dummy  women as well !
Daniel Suarez typical boys second best all the time! Deliberately let down at schools!
Liz DeStefano you say that but gender disappointment is mainly a woman always wanting a girl not a boy!
Live Right  and thats far more common!
Like por el minuto 5:51
 I under stand what that boy felt u got sisters but no brothers smh n my mom is the only girl n got 4 brothers stuff ain't fair
I loved the one with the "magician" 
Hola hablo spanich
Alguien aqu habla espaol?aparte de yo
De mi*
5:49 
Soy el comentario en espaol que buscas
Siii jajajaja
pues no te buscaba pero ya que
Shi >:4
@Miguel Ortiz 
Ni De Modo Que seria Tu Mama Pinchi Pendejo >:V
Luke s hablas espaol y te parece muy lindo que la noticia la de la mascota
Esto deveria hacer kim con juan 
5:37 cuando sabes que ms nias hay like si lo crees
1:55 luego de eso el chico murio :'v
Vaya mierda de vidieo, me aburreee 
como quisiera volver a teber un a hermanita o hermanito 
The person behind the camera at 1:03 was salty
0:36 when u found out u dont have to pay child support
5:42 ...
1:51 cuando te disen maana no ay clases
Obio jaja
Porfin.  Allen  que. Habla. ESPAOL
El fail del ao 5:44
Que dicen locos
5:27       
Los hombres se ponen ms felices cuando es nio... Se nota
El de kimberly sera nio  o nia bueno lo que sea sera muy lindo
5:50 jajajajaja 
Hwo see this video in 2019 ?
Me siento superior :v
Hello
2019 anyone
Soy la nica q  habla espaol
noooo
@Gabriel Hernndez  ni yo
aqui estoy yo pues 
6:35 
5:36jajajajajajaja
The cat and the bowling ball is my favourite 
yes yes yes
1:21 can pregnant women be around that smoke?
OMG sooooooooo cute
"You just won a baby" - Ethan Klein
Was that the Miz you know like the  WWE wrestler
Aubree Planet yes he is like the WWE wrestler
5:45 est llorando por la emocin o por el golpe
Jajajajajajaja 
Golpe
I'm 7 weeks and 2 days , already have so many ideas because of these vids lol can't wait 
Awph! Well good luck 
Jukilop? :v
Yo aqu viendo esto para imaginar me cmo va a ser la revelacin de sexo del bb de Kimberly Loaiza
Howushdb  hdydywhebf shayqubd
De quien???
how's nicole?
Es nia
@Francisca Flrez 
Mira a se vuanto subio el comentario y mira el video de Kimberly pelotuda
Aqu claramente podemos ver que cuando sale Rosa los hombres no se ponen tan felices, en cambio las mujeres se ponen sper felices, y cuando sale azul las mujeres no s ponen tan contestas en cambio los hombres si. Jajaja se nota que ah las mujeres les gusta ms las nias
No s la verdad como llegue pero lo nico que s es que ya quiero ver q va a ser el juki bb
Yo vine ac por eso Jajajaja
:v hola :v chao :v
Who 2019
Bets annie you love cris ma ti ca
0:39 lezginka
5 29 que nio mas chiflado
6:43 miz and maryse 
Such happy and memorable moments. Gender reveal can be the biggest event for expecting parents. If you're an expecting mom, make the best out of your upcoming special day with this supply kit which will come with everything you'll need. https://tinyurl.com/yyba8k4r
KATTY  .
     YOU
Dam when a dad find out they are having a boy the get crazy lol 
That second guy went to church and was filled with the Holy Spirit!
1:43 parece que no le agrado la noticia
*6:45** AWWWWWSOMMMME*
Is it weird how SO many babies are girls but yet the population has more boys?? 
Poor dog 8:59
5...4....3....2...1 AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
0:37 wtf is he doing?
3:55 !!! *RIP HEADPHONE USERS* !!!
Me gusto el dos
The mix and Maries
EVERYTHING is about gender.
I bet those people lost there voice after screaming so much
Aver di algo
Alguien habla espaol
I don't care about what gender it is. Having children is the best feeling I ever have. Even though I'm young to have children I'm 12.
3:52 we know ya'll british 
3:27 hahaha um vdeo do Brasil 
...and then the kids grow up to be assholes and none of these people could care less what gender an asshole is.
0:33 That dance literally had me laughing in tears.
If I have 1 baby i want a GIRL
If I have twins I want twin GIRLS
If I have triplets I want 2 GIRLS and a BOY
I have two girls and if I have more kids I want them to be girls.
Amber Morgan well I wish u luck and that's your opinion I just prefer baby girls to boys
GoldenAngelsNursery when I have kids idc I just healthy kids
Baby girl I love the way back to the shop
I'm sorry but they don't The Patents know? Who prepares The Air Baloons???
Thank you for the answer
But still I'm wondering why The parents of the unborn don't know. Sometimes even the mother to be seems to Not know. I'm from Germany and I was The First to know my babys gender... 
*OHBABY*
Im happy for all of them
Check out our gender reveal ! https://youtu.be/sBqqAPb7LoE
We just found out were going to have TRIPLETs!!!! This video is so cute
The fact that these kids are probably 2 by now
At 3:33 there is like a bunch of ladies around that poor guy. lol
7:01 IS that theMiz???
5: 47
This is fucking retarded
this is so wholesome
Me internally: Why are they getting excited over loss of work, money, sleep and mental health for about 10 years?
BardiX Official a baby is much more then that, grow up a little and youll understand
5:30 I hope the gender is incorrect and that is actually a boy not a girl because he already has 2 sisters.
@Piper Harrison but he might care, you never know
I can tell you that kid wone mind it soon, Im the opposite of him, I'm a girl and i have 3 brothers and I always wanted a sister, but now I would never trade my brothers for a sister. he wont care that he has all sisters later in life, it's not a big deal.
This is awesome!!! Thanks for sharing
The fathers reactions when it's a boy!
0:37- when school ends
5:31-when school starts
Very true
So true Lol
1000 Subs With no Vids Not true I am exited for school
So true
I wonder what mine was like
Or if my parents just asked what i was at the ultrasound
BooM Pow my parents didnt even want to know
More ppl are excited to have a boy then a girl tho lol!
Dios.  Dios c odiebebxls.
This makes me cry from happiness
To all the parents and kids who were disappointed with the genders, how would you feel knowing your parents were disappointed with your gender?
Youre suppose to wait till it comes out before you know the gender... ruins all the mystery for the actual birthday! js LoL
The one with the dog Winston was so cute
1:45 Im  not even sure hes happy.
5:25 haha
When he started praise dancing 
On the cinderella gender reaval theres this book called land of stories ans Cinderella was having a baby girl so its perfect!
At 4:35 every one was crazy but screaming
At 2:27 every one was crazy 
Lidia Avila because ITS A GIRL!! 
And it turns out they arent the father later 
5:24 was the best one 
Claire Holt ikr
Didn't expect that. Lol it made my day
So sweet
Change your music
Oh the people from wwe!!!
1:05 what is that?
I feel so bad i am the only son and i have 4 sisters  i feel so alone i want a brother
90% of this video is screaming
Amo estos vdeos son hermosos con muchos momentos de felicidad
0:40 the running man
karlar neden yalandan yere seviniyor zaten ilk onlar reniyor
That man is in the where they fight
5:31 
Primer comentario si lo estabas esperando en espaol
Im only 11 weeks and 4 days, lol, these are getting me so freakin excited for mine. Oh well, 8 1/2 more weeks. 
You haven't gotten any random food craving yet have you?
I'm 8 weeks today 
How come theres only 2. They should have multicolours for babies that want to be another gender.
Terror Tower uhh there's only two genders and you're one or the other
I hope this comment is ironic
I LOVE THE BASKETBALL ONE CAN THE CAR ONE
Basketball team....I cry
Graduations
One Saturday I found out my cousin is having a baby boy!!!!
The secret is u love the baby so whatever gender it is just scream of happiness
Is that the fucking Miz
Just went to a Gender Reveal Party for the first time today it was so fun 
2M Baby Gender Reveal sorry I keep
Bothering you dont mean to but can u please let me know if my friend wins one of the giveaways please and let her and I know when u viewed the video and put it in your compilation no need to rush just was curious please and thank u have a good day !!!
2M Baby Gender Reveal I told her abuut the give away and shes excited !! and would tell her if anything else will come
Up like on your channel for more giveaways and all and I said to her for sure to her :) !!
2M Baby Gender Reveal just submitted it to you :) !!
2M Baby Gender Reveal will do :) and yes !!
It was a Boy  and she's a single mother too@2M Baby Gender Reveals she said she can let me send the video to you guys !!
Aww poor boy he wanted a brother
Either way they go Ballistic.          .
Warms my heart to see everyone excited for there little blessing 
OMG fckn breeders.... SMH
No entendi
1:25 was Beautiful
My mom is doing a cake and she has a baby
For the WWE fans 6:45 miz & maryse
I prefer to have a boy as the firstborn, then q daughter.
No one runs the world except... jOhN CeNa!!! 
@mshotcounselor Lol are you offended because of their opinion? LOL you're that kind of person who thinks girls run the world but they don't, no one does but God
Madeline Knutz stfu
0:40 Bultaoreune \:v/
0:38 when you win your first fortnite game
4:26 well which one is it
Abunchofyellowroses oooohhhhh
Julia Williams Twins 
My mom told me the doctor just told her that I was a girl and than for the shower they made everything pink
Having a higher quality of life while pregnant will actually raise the chance of having a boy. True Fact.
I love sospre in baby
6:47 The Mez Mareys
Al minuto 10:12 quien es la mam el pap o mam????????????
Do the ppl bring gifts to a gender reveal??
I don't  like  it when it's a girl
5:51 fail
why are so many people happy like what?
this os the reason our species is a failure because people go crazy and act like animals over stupid shit
In The minute 6:43 they are superstars of the wwe
I remember when I frist holded my sister when I looked in her eyes i was looking in the eyes of an angel
8:33 he said it was Kanye west 
No soy bullingue
Why, the Miz??! JUST WHY?! 6:43
5:30 *-100 xp (health)-*
I can't imagine having that many people interested in the sex of my baby. These videos make me feel so lonely.
Stacy Bridgeford domt worry they at just doing it for Facebook. Im sure none of these people are going to help baby sit....
Is beutiful when you have a baby.
and if the baby is transgender?  
this shit is so stupid
damm they need too stfu and stop yellin so loud omg wow some of dem are just stupid
Not trying to be rude. But in some of the gender reveals that were boys, I saw less enthusiasm.
Jonathan Nebu What
6:54 is that miz and maryse?
But there's more than 2 genders how could then know??????
Straight people, man
0:41 the new Fortnite emote
5:44 i feel so bad to her 
2:23 did they invite a dinosaur?
Let us pray that my gender reveal goes like one of the blue ones cause I DO NOT want a girl
My aunt did a gender reveal a few months ago.
So sorry to hear that :( i feel ya
The Bowling one is SOO cool!
0:36 Whatever drug he's on I want it.
0:44 LOL
I want to do tat
the boxes fall down almost every time
I guess a lot of these are reveals / showers.
Dooh!!!
3:15 is that a giraffe in the background?
2:40 Alguien digale a la de rosa que se calme
The girl at 2:47 has a great body.
dudes reaction in the vid on 3:25
Name it Gekyume
also sub to me!!!!!!
this video appeared on my Rec Literally after i watched New H3H3's Video
At least can have kids i cant
19 - 13
All  those ladies who  are having babies  happy wishe for them
5:34 rip kid
basketball players fell on top of each other
0:36 when u dont have school
Wow I love this video it awesome they seem so happy
nice vid, but why you add the music?
I love people being so happy
0:43 Nuevo Baile Fornite :v
like shut the fuck up socwhat if theyre bummed youre gonna tell me you dont want a girl, or a boy youre not gonna be like awww man?  Theyll get fucken over it
Like por el segundo
All these pregnancy hormones have me balling at these videos  
At 5:25 the boy is like NOOOOOO HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME I ALREADY HAVE 2 SISTER!!!???
its always the guests who get the most exited!!LOL
I love how ypu put the miz and Marcie
Love it!!!!!!!!!
What does the purple one mean?
OMG it's the miz and Maryse
0:36 VICTORY ROYALE
0:40 When you find out your having a sub today
Did anyone think that at 0:36 he looked like he danced Fire Any ARMYs here!?
this is fucking cancer
New channel, bringing everyone along on the rest of my pregnancy journey! Please go subscribe!
You know what I just fucking hate?
When People are hugging the Parents before the Parents can hug each other first. 
Like fuck off let them celebrate first with each other
It is a stupid gender reveal be 
What ever happened to when baby reveals were for the parents? And why is everyone screaming? I didn't see one mouth cupping.
And soon those kids wluld vrow up to play fortnite
Potatoe Squirrel no
1st oh yeah yeah
5:50 I laughed so hard lol
5:33 when the brother wanted to win but the girls did
If Your ever pregnany Dont Jump Because it could cause abortion or miscarriage 
Yes you just received news from a kid.... Also Congratulations if your pregnant
Hahaha the second one.. how the father reacts..
Why am i here
Why do americans always have to scream so much
5:26 the kid was not happy 
Have you noticed that when the baby is a boy, the men start jumping and running around like a total retards, and when the baby is a girl, all the woman start jumping and hugging each other like a proper person would do? Just me then?
Y el de Kimberly loaiza ?:-
Jajaajajajaj 
Si es cierto 
Pronto lo veremos xd 
*Suscribete a mi canal plis*
Casi me iso llorar felicidades 
2:15 2 GIRLS ?
1:05 who are they?
Haha I can totally relate to that little boy at 10:12 I am the oldest of 6 and have 5 brothers.  That was my reaction every time lol.  All I wanted was a sister.
TheLaura21774 EXACTLY
Im  and when i am gonna have a kid i wont care what gender the kid is. If its a boy ill play games and do sports with him. If its a girl ill shop with her with my advanced sense of style :D
2 years agoanyone??...2019?
Not tryna be rude
Do you know math?
Bossom 180 herey
Ciara.c 101 all these babys are allready born
in 5:50 the box hit the girl
All of our children are a blessing boy or girl. But the boy who fell to the floor when he learned they were having a girl.
There is always those few people that scream so annoying when I have my baby gender reveal there will be non of that
5:57 o shit 
6:43 miz and maryse?!? Oh wow thats cool that they are on here
8:34 *Kanye West*
Sadaf  bruh
Duuuude i didn't even notice! 
Sadaf a dude said it in the background
Where?
0:48 lol
*that poor boy just wanted a little brother *
That's me just that I'm a girl 
Jessica Weber I never got a little sibling too :(
I remember that feeling. I never did get a sister 
eva 2838 when
*blue comes out*
Dad: INJWNIJANHUAOHOUAINANHI YESSSSSS! (Goes insane)
Mom: yay..
*Pink comes out*
Mom: *screaming* HUAIS UHNAANHU YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Dad: oh...uh yeah yay! Hm
@Liv Hogan oh...it seemed fine. Then you said that...yeah...
Liv Hogan yeah just dont have children
Liv Hogan please dont ever have children, fucking idiot
Liv Hogan You dont deserve to have a child then.
This will be me .... I would be cursed if I have a son . I probably wouldnt even want it
In 4:14 they started screaming 
Damn the tower one
They seem more happy with a girl
Then again its a girl thing
1:55 aaand he died
Omg this is just rediculous.I mean every baby is a Godess blessing. It doesnt matter boy or girl.U should love them in the same way.This thing is just ridiculous.
After some years that girl that won the momy heart,will see that dady doesnt want her.Come on.Wake up ppl.this is just stupidd.
Music name
00:35 I know a preacher when I see one he is 100% a preacher lol
Wait what does purple mean?
Chorei nesse 3:19 pq sei que quando for pai minha reaao vai ser essa idependente do sexo
0:39 what the heck is he doin that fortnite dance
This is so cool
*0:38** Me when I didn't failed me test.*
RIP viewers with headphones...
on 8.13 he was getting it
2019?
6:48 that was the miz from wwe
Surley the moms already know the gender
They scream so loud
Cok gzal
On 1:51 those basketball players tho 
Bro 1:52 is he still alive ?
We are having a gender reveal party in 3 weeks, we are very happy either way whether its a boy or girl as long as the babys healthy (which it is). Cant wait to film it and show the baby when theyre old enough that their whole family was there and loved them from the start! 
3:17 the fucking giraffe
Is that THE MIZ
The guy that got really excited when he found out he was having a girl is the type of energy I wanna achieve
Liv Hogan thats gross. Toi should love your children equally.
Real men love their children regardless what the sex is
umm which one??
there were so manh excited guys hahaha!!
Kuhn x ClassicZ i dont blame em . If i have a daughter thats my baby but if I have a son thats anybodys but my baby
So he can be overprotective
the boy at 5:37 is so ungratful
and then there's trans.
3:15 is that a fucking giraffe?? Running??
My mom is pregnant and I wish it's a boy because Since I have 1 brother and he wish that it's a boy.
The second one had me laughing so hard
5.40 I feel so bad voor the boy.
5:49 omll
6:50 wwe superstar THE MIZ AND MARYSE, AWEEEEESOMEEEE!!
Omg I cried the whole video. #2 was so funny
5:50 no baby fail
What's the song at 8:06?????
Im just over here crying
THE BASKETBALL TEAM WAS LIKE *TACKLE*
02:39 que das la morenita la dejaron en visto:u
The 2nd one, and at 6:02 had the best reacts, and it made my heart smile so much. Oh, and 1:51 too. I just loved how they just jumped on him. I hope he's okay, and didn't hit his head too hard.
6:45 THE MIZ
Rip head phone user
7: 00 Cinderella had a baby
I feel bad for the girl that got hit in the face by the box
Whats purple so posed. To mean girl
3:16 I thought he was gonna jump in the water 
same lol!!
What a loser
SAME!
CrazyCupcakeGirl2004 LOL SAME
SAME!
COLOURS DON'T HAVE GENDERS AND THOSE KIDS COULD BE TRANS, YOU CAN'T REALLY KNOW THEIR GENDER BEFORE THEY ARE BORN!
Minni Alakuijala Its called Chromosomes...
0:39 when my crush likes me
why am I here Im a kid.
Im just a kid
 Im just a kid
  Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
      Im just a kid
      Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
   Im just a kid
Im just a kid
 Im just a kid
  Im just a kid
   Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
      Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
   Im just a kid
  Im just a kid
 Im just a kid
  Im just a kid
   Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
       Im just a kid
         Im just a kid
        Im just a kid
       Im just a kid
      Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
   Im just a kid
 Im just a kid
  Im just a kid
    Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
       Im just a kid
         Im just a kid
           Im just a kid
           Im just a kid
          Im just a kid
         Im just a kid
        Im just a kid
       Im just a kid
      Im just a kid
     Im just a kid
   Im just a kid.
Dang this took me a while.
Tue mizzzz
Mayori it 's a girl
I hate boys, only girls i love!!!
What is wrong with you
Loved the motorcycle one but that can't be good for the exhaust pipe..... happy for them
5:30 the boy was like  why lord why
I hope that's the incorrect gender
finally a mother that got a girl that's excited but not jumping up and down
The fucking Miz
Que buena onda los paps 2,3,4
The first time we played write his game-winning show you guys
Congrats to all you 
5:50 I guess she's getting an abortion xD
Who else saw this trend for the first time 
AT 4:57 she ain't looking pregnant, she looking like she got a cute chubby tummy.
+Yadira Sepulveda look at ur comment again "she ain't looking pregnant":/
@ll_macaroon edits_ll it looks like it i didnt say she wasnt pregnant jeezzzzz
how do u know do u know her?
My favorite was miz and maryse
Este vdeo es hermoso :'3
Miz and Maryis.
I find out the gender of my baby tomorrow, Im so excited 
R.I.P head phone users for some
My older sister is having a baby. But I want a girl!! 
Just look at that man there on 0:33 look at that dance I would be sad and embarrassed if I had a dad like that 
BRASIL SIL SIL SIL
5:36 RIP that boy 
I did the ballon and the present and i got so excited because im having a 
GIRL!!!!!!!
Congratulations!
Congrats
Chiara congratulations
Tania Cubas So happy for you! Good luck with everything
My mom is having s baby today is the reveal and I don't care boy or girl
*1:50*
the miz and his wife was on here
Ok.... time to watch the fails
1:57 The guy didn't know where to lay so he just crawled on them ... that had me in tears
Uuuuu
Who was cutting onions to this?
Idk why I was watching this lol
5:27 poor guy XDDD
Lmao the dog was like nope!!!!
00:41 XD
Gracias ya Iva por ahy 
I realised whether it's a boy or a girl everyone's happy
Myliana Jones not that 1 part with the little boy when it was a girl lol 
This is just bootiful to see 
Even so most of men were happy having a son but as I observed there are more fathers who are more closer to their daughters if they have
                
@BabyCubSTL03 you are lesbian congratulations!!!
@donald trump
I swear Everyman who is so disappointed when he finds out hes having a girl is just being hit with the memory of every bad thing theyve ever done to a girl 
 Hey, did you spot it??? Hehe
Yes!! 
I like the dust gender reveal
That second couple seems very loving. I know that I only get this small clip, but I already I know that they have a healthy relationship. Thats how strong their love is. 
Qui regarde sa en tant que francais
Awwwww
0:10 
me- who the hell cuts a cake like that
@Kaylin Ann 1) so everyone can see right away and 2) when you cut it normally, sometimes the pink or blue is shown when crumbs fall and not everyone sees at the same time. 
I like how she did it, quick and everyone sees.
Hhhhhhhhhhh cuz everyone should see
What I said!XD
Probably Michael from AGP
@loudon aa Yuki uwu
The Miz and Maryse
5:47 he covered her crying face. You already know hes an asshole husband 
5:30 he ain't having it
0:36 wha the heck is that man doing?
That might be my reaction when I found 1 penny
WAs it heads?
Duh lol
He's praise dancing
Woman look like never happy to having a boy. When its a girl she's jump, cry but when its a boy she's like ; oh...OK.....yeah lolll
The little boy crying bc its not a boy me as heck
I like the basketball one(boy)
This is so cute 
Total fail at 5:51 5:54 poor lady I hope shes okay tho....
Nairre22 Jstnee yeah and her man looks like he ain't giving a fuck
That is quite
5:27 a real solider! We loved you Brother but this Game is lost!
0:17 Pause the video, and look to the bottom right. That kid is *S H O O K*
Hey jfhciyd
Kxuduyfydjgdkyydkydjufyfjufydjududkjfyfjudydggcjcye had to come get off the phone with you and then I figured jd
They don't miss
Was the first one a girl or boy??
Kenyatta Harmon girl
Hope they not end up on Maury show
0:38 my boy started shoutin
Hola. Alguien espaol?
@Chiara hola 
Manuela Benitez yo!
5:49 jajaja pobre seora jaja
@Vanessa UwU  yo tambin te
Jsjsjsjjs me estube riendo con eso por mucho tiempo xdd
Jaja na pijac
JAJAJAJAJA
JBBbabajjaj
I liked the one where he or she was dancing
Oh my gosh
Bro 0:40 took us to Church! 
at 6:48 he looks like a wrestler from wwe
3:50 almost probably broke my speakers
why do i see myself doing this?
0:27 that man was happy
I'm confused  at 4:00. Is it a boy or girl?
Like most are boys
I really enjoy watching this!! amazing moments  My journey starts at the beging of the new year! I found my fertility center through www.ivfinmexico.com after a long research. I'm hopeful that 2019 will be the
biggest year for me and for all couples trying to conceive 
jajaa
en todos nios
5:44 lol the twins might be triplets but then that kid wants a brother
4:10 me rompi el tmpano
That clip tho 5:36
The Miz lol
Its time to be a family now for me
No entend :v
Love watching the dads get so excited!
I knew who the Cinderella was its The Miz
Wait is that the miz from WWE srry at 10:12
Spanish Boss when
At what minute?
I cant believe the miz and Maryse was on there!
0:35 jaj la felicidad del negro
I hope this says Black Happiness lol.
@dani y meimi 
Completely stupid .
All fun and games till the kid is born lol
#Girl RULES pink feminazis
So true lmaoo
*belt has entered the chat*
0:43 new Fortnite dance leaked
*Hootenanny*
You copied someone
Lollll
Imagine finding out your babys gender and your so celebrates with a friend instead of you  *facepalm
They are kids being kids, stop paying so much attention to their reaction.... that shit is normal
O my gad the miz and marryse of wwe
I really hope to have a boy maybe in the future 
Me encant el de la moto y el de bsquet
The Miz and Maryse!!
5:25  me hizo el da 
I have no children and have zero plans to have any... but I always find myself watching these.
0:47 he must be a church preacher!
@crowntotheundergroud he was extremely happy that's all, so stfu
@crowntotheundergroud smh why are you being so god damn fucking sexist
crowntotheundergroud you dont know if he dident want a girl so stop assuming
crowntotheundergroud and hes happy bro leave him be if he want a son he does
What is that thing called at 1:09 for gender reveal?
What is that thing called at 1:09 for gender reveal?
3:28 what does purple mean?
Emmas World its a girl
I wanna be Winston 
And again, there is something very unsettling about a child's sexual organs being viewed as the most important trait to know about them. No one is throwing hair color reveal parties. Or blood type reveal parties. Or even chromosomal typing reveal parties.
Focusing so much on the configuration of a baby's external genitals is all it is. This extra focus on that specific quality is part of why there is such weight given to gender and gender roles in society, and is directly tied to the historic disenfranchisement of women, trans people, and anyone else who doesn't neatly fit into society's boxes.
@aijun ruan shut the fuck up, also you dont even know what thot means
aijun ruan how are suppose to find out the hair color and blood type??? Lol you cant be serious with those comparisons. We didnt know gender until ultrasound existed. You do know there are ppl who do prefer not to know till the day off. Why do ppl think they can control others beliefs? Youre doing exactly what you say you hate!
Welp this is 2019
Saying that gender is "just their genitals" is idiotic, men and women will act different based on their gender its not some type of social norm you moron
I saw the Miz and Maurice
I want to know where they got the powder thing at 1:06
Could you do twins general revel
Are you sure this is the best baby gender reveal? 5:50 a girl got hit in the face with a box!
Kai Anderson 
READ MORE
Someone was holding her baby by the ears she is an abuser
KATTY 
At 3:39 it looks like Alex
Every box reveal always fails. You cannot put 15+ balloons in a box held by a single string and expect it not to fall. Nonetheless I always enjoy watching these videos.
0:39 My new Fortnite dance
Whats the color for non binary
No baby will know its "non binary" till they're older lmao.
There is no non bianary, only girls and boys
5:24 
What were they expecting, like a new gender will come out or what ? . It is either boy or girl why all this drama
0:44 Fortnite dance: the reveal XD
Hootenanny
Default
No. Fortnite bad.
The miz from WWE
They should put the words pink or blue on snowcap slime for a reveal
I can't wait for mine!!
1:08 The one man who is super happy to be having a girl!
Cibele Felix no women much prefer girls thats a fact!
mshotcounselor girls lie manipulate and cheat
His reaction would be the same no matter what.
Cibele Felix 2:29
conspericy theary boys rape, murder and steal so you stfu
00:45
Dump truck gender reveal  must watch! https://youtu.be/e82QuoZ4oVk
I love watching these videos when Im bored
@Violet Araujo  i like watching this
Me too
People should stop calling them "gender" reveal, gender and sex are soo different, sex is the part and gender is what the child chooses. They should call it sex reveal not gender, they don't know when their gender would change.
Thicki Nikki gtfo with that false bs
Pls dont reproduce
you're delusional?
Thicki Nikki wtf 
boy: hmm is this a boy?
**then opens**
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
(its sad to be one of the girls)
MAXIMUS MEMES and gaming Having one sister as a boy is torture enough and getting 2 more would be pain
The one with the Kia car is me!!
@L7ckyDuck honestly idk what was going on with me that day 
@Stars Shine Bright damn bruh, why would you put the timestamp if you were gonna say that?
@MintyK7Playz * 7:36 or maybe just stop being lazy and just watch the video ?
@Chelsea Yagong omg congratulations!!!
Stars Shine Bright, yes our gender reveal was in July of 2017, she was born in November and we just celebrated her first birthday!
that poor kid just wants a brother 
@Stephanie Mueller smh I hate people like you, who think girls rule the world, they don't  God does smh
Hey Guys Today I am a Birthday Can You Can Give Me 1 Subscriber As a Birthday Gift ... thanks
That guy omg at 0 40
5:36 That Kid Did NOT Look HAPPY Having A Baby Sister
That boi is gonna be a future incel mgtow...I can feel it
well its maybe bc He the only boy
I can't blame him because he already has two other sisters .
3:55 !!!!!! TURN YOUR VOLUME DOWN TO 50% OR LESS!!!!!!!!
**turns to full volume**
Lol there loud
I want to see one like one kid want a baby sister and the other wants a baby brother, and they get a twin baby brother and sister  that would be awesome
I liked the Cinderella one the most
I thought that that was the miz and maryce in that clip.
That was mike and maryce
No offence to women but I can't have a girl cause that's to much work
Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
Riley Breen what the name of that song at 8:06 when that person was dancing at a party and the light came on
These make me cry!!! So sweet!!!
I cant stop watching the black dude tap dance 
Yeah he was dancing for the lord. Lol old school Black people raised in the church dance when they are praising God.
Tony Rizo that was not tap dancing ...he was definitely praise dancing Lmfaoooo
Im happy when I see pink dust and little pink paper things and pink balloons
#7 was too dam much lmfao wtf!
Is that Mike and Maryse?
@Valerie carbajal No Problem
Jim Innis Thank You
*me internally* 
Im too young 
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Im too young
Edit: BITCH WTF I NEVER HAD THIS MUCH DAMN LIKES ON A COMMENT IN MY LIFE.
@Ayemendizabal Mendizabal to make baby
Ayemendizabal Mendizabal r/woooosh
@Indeah Kerns I see
Rachel Johnson haha
Who saw the miz and Maryse
Unexpected
Lizzy Frank everyone that watched the full video??? Lol
Omg the miz and maryse 
I feel bad for that dog in the box
My mom is having a baby I want a boy
Is it a boy
What gender is the baby?
I hope its the gender you want!
Wats the gender?
3:01 I knew it!
Yes idky
You did?!
awww 3:23 reaction was so cute
Nicole Mauser I loved the reaction, that one was my favorite because was the first Brazilian one I have seen in my hole life (Im from Brazil, sorry if my inglish is bad)
He started praise dancing hahaha
Olyvia Malakar that is exactly what that was. He was filled....legit.
Olyvia Malakar LOL
10 boys 21 girls
Mark Robson well thanks to fucking China, they kill off female babies
Mark Robson really? I look up and I hear women out populate men by over 30 million
North Bells because having boys is seen now sadly second best!
Brendan ODonnell no their are more men on the planet than women!
I wanna be a boy they get all the fun we girls dont behave good like boys D:
For all grown ups and kids you get what you get and you dont throw a fit. I liked the dog with the bows on him or her
Tony E. That was a pretty epic reveal!
@Cookies'n Cream Rai that some crazy crap right there!
Jasmine LaRose right when I read this the video was on that video
Check this gender reveal out!!!
https://youtu.be/-1hmkSPN9Yc
@Donitza Rodriguez your rude
I missed watching this video I am so happy u make this vidoes thanks thanks this make my day.
Wait is that miz
ikrrrr!
I also saw it
Applause for Prestige jr!!
Hello
Why do I enjoy watching these?
Ammilyx_ I love these too
Maybe because you are mentally ill and need surgery
I do too!  I'm pretty much in tears lol!
Awww well so so so cute I love it OzmG
